mean pos	mean neg	YouTube Text
1	3	when the time comes for all to know it will be to late
1	2	@princessofportk The first are a pair of devil horns, and the second look like a pair of cat or feline like ears
1	2	I gotta feeling they partlishly took it off fomr MIB anime ep form the american unless they took that one off from it, but the story is really different.
3	2	As we look at ways to be relevant, here is a good video perspective to consider (in order to avoid :) )
1	2	Not a lot of "removing" going on here... bucket teeth removal maybe.
2	2	I love looking at old gravestones
1	2	@qingian they represent HK. but considering how their last names are spelled, i think they are from China. they don't get to represent China because they're not as good as Ma Long, Zhang Jike and Xu XIn.
2	2	@Invaderkibachan2 xD Okay! Um, I finished, but the whole thing is only about nine seconds, so I feel like it'd be a waste to upload something so short as a video. Would it be possible for me to e-mail the file to you? Or upload it somewhere, and messa
2	2	so THATS why they always tell you to wear a helmet; i always thought the concept of damaging the head via falling off a bike was very unlikely
2	2	Haha at 4:00 Alex looks so frustrated at whoever is opening the door.
4	3	Awwwwwww Matty Looks Adorablee<3 Cuteiee Vid Eulia NO MORE OF ME AND MATT PLEASE.! (;
2	2	I got an ocarina just to play this song. And now, i must learn it on flute.
4	1	Pastor Morgan brought a powerful encouraging word to us in that service. I really enjoyed her. To GOD be the Glory!!!
1	3	if that was supposed to rhyme, it didn't
5	1	Absolutely awesome!! Impressive.
2	2	hahaha ''stinker''
2	2	kya baat hai! too sick!!
2	2	I was waiting for tomorrow but i called today and they already have it since a few days. I am from Argentina (South America) i really dont know how it works i think they dont respect release dates. Next time i go i will make sure to ask and send you guys a voice mail.
2	2	st. johns goes HARD! illmac! also check out this artist named Vinnie Dewayne.
1	2	Yeah, because a minute and a half definitely equals 30 sec.
2	2	great guy but this wasnt a special video lets be honest
2	3	Yea..the Senior CIA analyst during Saddam's Era is definitely not a credible source. He's the last person who should be commenting on Iraq. Anyways... I'm done with this argument. Good Day sir.
1	1	Do anyone know if thats Jim Ryan in the background?
3	2	yes i agree i had an 07 ego then switched to angel a1 and a kid at my local field had one and it shot smoother than my a1 wich i belive was about 40% smoother than my ego now aday's all guns $ 300 and over will do 20bps out of the box its just how you like the feel of it thats why i went angel beacuse i love the way they feel,
4	1	loved the video joey it was awesome :O
1	1	@ChibiChanColors actually she reminds me of yuki from the melancholy of haruhi suzumiya.
4	2	this is such a high quality game i cannot believe it. it is a lot greater than mw1. ive only just attained the 2nd prestige ! i'm so delighted. got the game only yesterday evening from mw2forfreeYinfo (replace Y with . ) but im undoubtedly annihilating most people!
3	1	epic song fo sho
3	3	Poor Maddie!! :( Awesome chapter
1	1	it sounds a bit like starn
3	1	Awesome song Danger Danger rocks
3	1	This is my favorite song. He told me it's about his guitar.
4	1	reminds me of some of the old timers up here in the hills! awesome!
3	2	Hahahhahaha I did that same thing with my smog eyesalhadow! I put myself on a project "hit pan" like for a month I had to use only certian eyeshadows like ud's smog. I used it literally everyday in september and I got so obsessed like when am I going to hit pan it's been forever!! :P so anyways I totally feel ya and basically were both crazy. :)
5	1	i just love him.... a looooooooot..... he's the ideal one...
4	1	YOU ARE MOST WELCOME.... and if you have any questions, I am here to help.
4	1	infinite possibilities, thanks for postingone love :)
5	2	i love this!!!! way better then the original :D
3	4	were the fuck are the lyrics u suck man...but the song is great..SOAD forever
2	1	it's "phenomenon" by thousand foot krutch
2	3	Jeez I was starting to think you wouldn't post up my tage >.> lol thanks But I'm not in the description :O
3	1	Ian gillan is the best........
1	2	looks like we're not guna see kenpachi 4 a couple more episodes
2	2	Everytime i bun 1, its this tune dat gets repeated! Peepz listen 2 what both are saying...
4	1	CHocoolate! :D
2	3	oh my god . i was there & i just about died when he did that .
2	1	i eman 1st best 1 the 3rd 1, 2nd best is the 1st 1, 3rd best is the last 1.
3	3	@quartermasternick 
3	2	jimmy carr mkes me happy, ill go and watch that now... u failed
2	2	i was able to get airpwn working. you really need three wirless card to be efficitve
2	1	lol
4	1	omg how old is the youngest one?shes really good at guitar :Dgreat job :D
2	2	@thetruthis9 then he fired jimmy johnson!
4	1	fantastic quality thanks so much
2	2	Beautiful BBw women for dating naneedj.info
2	2	not specifically for gentiles Quran's message is for all human being, we should avoid using this jewish term gentile. Wasalam
2	2	A little gain,.
4	1	This is really cool, I hope you publish the book, I'd love to read it. If you don't mind, could you tell me what the name of the very first song is. Please and thank-you.5 stars btw
1	5	Listen, fuck off. Just because you have something that is "yorkshire" does not mean you have to put t' in front of random fucking words in your desription. Yes we do it but not as fucking much as that. Do you do the subtitles for coronation street? Because apparently lancastrians do it all the time aswell
1	3	@bullawaya I never said anything about a one time experience or calvin or spurgeon.
1	4	sucked so bad
4	1	hella dope!
2	2	Yes be an American Scholar.. lol!!!
4	2	Even in 8 bit this music rocks.
2	2	It's not that hard.
2	3	That would be the same scientists who falssified and withheld evidence that contradicted their global warming theory, yes? 
1	4	watever kid u dont know wat the fuk ur talking about ur stupid y would u say that if ur username is Osiris 
2	2	@Albeider Well, this was made a while back, so rules might have been different.
3	1	NOW THAT'S AN OPENING TO A VIDEO.
3	1	MY FAVORITE MYRTHA DOES IT AGAIN.
3	1	superba ....
3	3	i miss my 09 xb :(((((((
4	1	Love this scene. F&F are the best couple.
1	1	............
3	1	Instant Classic. Boon where are you playing all your synths from?
4	2	Tears in my eyes! I wish they would've talked at least a little about Secretariat's relationship with Eddie Sweat- his indespensible groom! I seriously cannot wait for the movie to come out this fall!!
2	4	REPITITION: CHANGE CHANGE CHANGE CHANGE "YES WE CAN" YES WE CAN YES WE CAN LMBO. They're all the same and yes THAT IS TRUE but I have to say the end is near I've never seen as many people mind controlled as with who the NWO just put in power SMART MOVE ON THEIR PART STUPID PEOPLE TO THINK HE IS DIFF. THEN BUSH THEY WORK FOR THE SAME PPL.
1	3	you would get raped by cross fire.
1	4	lmfao 9PRELUDE.
2	2	1:41 I KNOW THAT GUY WHO'S POINTING! O-e
2	2	you ave been to bradford and to westbury so when are u gonna do trowbridge lol
2	1	if you wanna help go to thedenanproject.
1	2	I cant believe anyone would thumbs up Hernje on anything.
3	1	I know right!!Workout music!!! I <3 Kandi!!
3	1	so do you think black holes definately don't exist or do you think they may or may not exist?
3	1	If you like this, check out Quantic.
2	2	haha no bigge and hmm im on a mac so just try to expian it the best you can k
1	1	1st to veiw
3	1	PEACE !
3	1	Thanks. :)
4	1	love the tennis match ,, great video ty
3	1	This is a song that was a signature song for Average White Band that hit the souls of my youths growing up in the city during the 70's. I know, because that's what it did for me and my friends.
4	1	haha they're hilarious together! thank you for subbing =)
2	2	Hey I just got the same heli! Can you help me? I broke a part on it and need to find a place where to buy spare parts but can't find any online :(
2	1	nice vid
5	1	he's so sweet! i <3 himmmm!
4	1	You looked very nice.
4	1	One of my favorite's by Joanna. She's simply an amazing Musician.
5	1	She's so beautiful!
2	2	Dude, Its a video, but Im kinda thinking that is a poplar, not a red oak...
2	2	What the hell is that thumb print on the screen thing? Must get one of these, lol! ZX has never been bettered or more up to date than this piece of globalist piece of scanning equipment. Stick to the speccy and dump these mobile phones.
2	2	The joys of alcohol!
2	2	Yeah, I especially got that vibe with the interconnected Dwarven origins.But Jowan is an idiot, *especially* after you get to know him in the Mage origin.NOOO, we spawned from the base.... BWAHAHAHAHA!
4	1	simply incredible.
1	4	@BritishWarLord >.> ur a fag
2	2	why is the next one your last one
4	1	compliment: you have beautiful eyes!! and pretty long lashes too! :)
4	1	Nice job! :)
3	2	ITS CALLED TECHNO! The words make this song important, "The whole wide world is a very narrow bridge, but the important thing is not to worry."
1	1	The guy in the crowd at 1:07 reminds me of David Archuleta...?
1	5	fucking cunts.
4	1	Will is so talented! He is also my cousin lol
2	4	Only when we remember our "inalienable rights" were granted to us by God and not man will we be immune from the brainwashing this documentary uncovered. Those "crazy" psychiatrists proved that the inmates are often running the asylum. The Bible could not be more accurate in describing the human heart as "wicked & deceitful". We are selfish, play "mind games" and try to dominate each other in our families & also internationally. Our only hope resides in our humility and love of God.
2	4	Tommo is a cockflap. There's shit-all chance of 6 Music being cancelled.
1	2	NPNS - No Plug, No Sale!
3	3	I watched this show as a kid.I had a huge crush on Dana Plato.....too bad she got hooked on drugs and died. :(
1	4	It's all that damn clown's fault,!!!!TWO FUCKING DOLLARS MAN!!!!
1	1	kwl
2	2	@robokill387 That's not what he's trying to get across. Wolves don't make their teeth. He's saying if we were in the wild, With just ourselves, Just like the animal kingdom is, We would be extremely low on the food chain.
2	2	@ianxofour yeh and it was easy, like always :D
4	1	a+++ jolly good show
3	1	@itsDezz101 so do i. :o
3	1	@0rima1 Thanks for commenting and watching!
4	1	this video is really cool
2	2	@cmayberry86 Jesus also said not to judge
2	2	@abel2fresh4u actually your wrong the tmobile g2 for the us has stock android no sense
3	1	Lol... Onion is great...
2	2	Mhmm... The scene where Danny pushes Lindsay down keeps bothering me... It looks as if it wasn't lindsay... Her hair is black and long...xDAnnoying... I should sleep more...;)
4	1	where is the clap!!! that is my favorite part!!!!besides the build at 4:27. the release at 4:45 gives me goosebumps....
1	3	Thats not Texas for you Thats 100% Shamrock right there..... I lived in that town for 3 years and it was a hell hole
2	2	yes i did answer this question a long time ago, but thanks for telling me anyway, i was planning to go from Amman to L.A direct then take another airline to S.F! so i travel with R.J I'll just go to JFK then take a plane from Delta or AA and go to S.F,, P.S Royal Jordanian is a good airliner
1	2	These ads are becoming parodies of themselves now.
2	2	needs the money, naa he's loaded man
4	1	thanks for posting all of these Bernstein Mahler 3 movements. This is not only beautiful music interpretation, but also extremely fine filming. What a find for me here. Thank you.
2	1	you can get this on anime-online.c()m for ?1 if you want, its good.
4	1	i agree, the last minute and a half is musical perfection. I listen to all genres and I've never heard anything as beautiful as it sounds. It's what I imagine being played in heaven. no joke. It really shows their evolution as a band.
3	3	Ohh my bad xD
1	1	where are other episodes.
3	2	Hearns all the way. I love Sweetpea, but Hearns was not only a big hitter, he could outbox the hell outta guys as proven by the fact that his only loss by decision was at the age of 35. Hearn's may not of had the best chin but the guys who KO'ed him were big punchers, something Pernell was not IMO.Hearns by UD.
4	1	I Love you man. Keep up the great work. '?Let your food be your medicine, and your medicine be your food ?" - Hippocrates...OG gangster.PS: Read Eat,Pray, Love
1	4	U r a weird spaz
3	2	tht was a great movie i am excited to meat emily and katharine thunmbs up the werewolf rlly surprised me i had no clue it was a werewolf movie i thought it would be kind of like carrie bc theyw where so outcasted it makes sense jst think about it
2	2	Okay - I guess your referring to Other video 0-140mph Class 395
1	4	datwaz rubbish never seen something so rubbish balddyyy
2	2	i'm studying mental health nursing and we are made well aware of the fact that most people who have a mental health problem become fully well. what you say is not borne out in the literature...
4	1	Child, you are such a talent. Love your work and your soulful vibe.Kathryn Keats
4	1	thank you very much!
3	3	spiders freak me the fuck out, but i only tolerate them for you guys! this is amazing.
1	2	How come there are only guys? Strange...something is being hinted here...
2	2	gonna take you for a ride!
3	2	I don't have Fibromyalgia but I I do suffer from depression and insomnia. For my depression I take the generic of Prozac which is Fluoxetin. I take 50mg of that. For my insomnia I take the generic of Ambien which is Zolpidem (10-30mg). Usually I'm asleep within 30 minutes of taking the Zolpidem. It is extremely helpful. I hope I was able to help you in any way.
2	3	For starters it WAS NOT HITLER'S EMBLEM. It was originally the Buddhist Symbol for good luck. That probably explains why Hitler stole it.
4	1	I love synthesizers! this song is so uplifting and beautiful = )
3	2	that switch back tail vince did near the end was fucken sick!!!!!!!!hopefully he gets turned pro after the chocolate vid drops
3	2	That was masterfully done by Kurt Angle! That's why he is one of the best in the wrestling business today! Stone Cold thought he had angle beat and so did Booker T but out of nowhere and within a blink of an eye he turned the tables on them and became the WCW Champion! Well done Kurt Angle!
1	2	OMG ONLY 47 VIEWS!
4	1	he is a perfect presentation full package
2	2	wow i always thought VBIED stood for Very Big IED... lol although i guess it is rathr large...
3	2	I'd do his drummer
4	1	ba ba booyah! go SPOUSE!
3	2	Are you kidding!! He made fast ppl look slow. I mean he out ran Darrell green in one game. Who is considered by many ppl the fastest player ever.
4	1	One of the greatest displays of the human spirit in the history of mankind. The world will now look to Chile for inspiration. They did the impossible, all the trapped miners and rescue workers showed the world what unity is all about.
2	2	she had a nice butt 30 years ago-?
2	3	I have the NS7 and all I can say is can't numark just back up one product make that the flagship product and market the hell out of it. Why does numark always do the same thing over and over again? The v7 looks cool but honestly it's just a way to sucker us out of more money.
1	4	I've already done so, several times in fact, and all you do is keep citing the same discredited studies, links, and 'authorities'. And you've now expanded your bloviating to include 'every science academy on the planet'...Superlatives such as THAT are concessions on your part...as everyone can see.
3	5	Usual leftie, foaming at the mouth crap. National Union of Teachers - in other words commies who hate their own race. Thank God for the BNP. Come on Nick, let's get you into Westminster and really sicken them.
3	2	This movie is better than what critics have said. The ending is far fetch, but thats hollywood baby.
1	1	intro \m/
4	1	AHH im the first to comment aswell!love it roddie
2	3	Maybe for PtoP, but for multipoint and interop their Codian MCU has to transcode everything! It takes ALOT more than 30ms to transcode 720p, try 300ms.
2	1	hey i seen that tractor just last week =) i got a gold key tour there. wach our 9430 be built
1	1	toi muon tim lai cac anh qua su lien he cua anh toi Co trung uy nguyen ngoc Rang 81 bcd chuyen sang Loi-Ho , don vi nhay toan cuoi cung KonTum
2	2	i havent watched this show in like months and im glad that they stopped flagging videos
2	1	...but an Ideal Standard (1980s batch) handle :-)
2	2	After watching so many tutorials, i still cant land the plane using ILS. i'm missing few basic things out but dont no exactly what.
1	1	Any stock pics this week?
1	5	@BudPeters44 Are YOU fucking stupid? You SERIOUSLY believe in a worldwide flood? Like, 2 by 2 the millions of different species of animals skipped onto an ark? Didn't kill eachother, had enough food for their specialized diets for 40 days and were appropr
4	1	That's amazing! Now babies and young children can swim by themselves.
5	2	Even though I didn't know it at the time, living in Silver Lake in my early 20s was one of the best experiences of my life. I was going through some hard times back then, and if I hadn't been in such a tolerant, laid back community, my troubles would have metastasized. I will be forever grateful to the community of Silver Lake for giving me the space I needed to become the productive member of society I am today.
4	2	I keep coming back to your performance of this magnificent piece, surely one of the noblest in the organ repertoire. It combines youthful exuberance with a remarkably mature msical insight. A fine organ, too - but I would love to hear you repeat this on a real Cavaill?-Coll - St Sulpice or St Ouen, for example.
2	2	ya sure you do!??
3	3	bra sleepy will neva die uhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!!!!!
4	1	@thecomicbots Nice!!!
4	1	A Tribe is the effen best
2	2	hes voice sounds so different geez not like the other vestion of game of death the lost fotage
2	1	yea I hope she's alright
4	2	She is absolutely awesome for a 3 year old. It is amazing that she was able to memorize that whole routine at her age. However, I must agree with a lot of the posts. Her poor neck and spine take a lot of impact when she lands on her head like that. I bet a doctor would cringe if? they saw her do that over and over again. Hopefully she won't have any neck or back pain later in life from this. That being said, you are awesome little lady!!!
4	1	Wow the blonde girl is super yummy
3	3	those things are stupid. whats the point in having a BB30 frame if you convert it back to standard.its better to use BB30 bearings and then convert the Inner Diameter of the bearings down to shimano standard with Wheels Manufacturing adaptors.
3	3	holy crap o meter LOLOLOLOL
2	2	does that mean he sleep with the queen ?
2	2	I know some of the people in this video! LOL
2	2	bj is gonna walk right through this guy
2	2	@PlasmaSilver11 It sure is.
5	1	i love this song!!! This video is great!
4	1	Genn is made of magic
4	1	No problem! :]
3	1	so good! wonder what nick is going to say?
3	3	USAGymnast"Scott Brown was definitely an eye candy in 1982."Old mares like you shouldn't be thinking nor talking about sex.
3	1	No way! I played against T Rey at SD Team Tourney years ago (98 ish). And Ahart? Love the shorts and moustache combo! Diggin these old skool vids!!
2	2	what was up with the abandoned midgets at the end?
2	2	I use this with my 11.5. The recoil reduction is noticeable, but not so much as a good comp like the fsc556.TEST, TEST, TEST this with your duty ammo if you in LE!! It works with Hornady 75 grain TAP, and with the 75 grain practice ammo that I've tried. I've seen it used with 55 grain TAP and 55 grain practice ammo without any trouble, but we didn't use much 55 grain TAP.
5	1	OMG SSSOOOO CUTE :) he looks like my baby yorkie when i got him :) hes a year old now my babi :P
1	1	You talk to her we translate mworld5.info
1	1	ayyy pero no me gusta por que no salen los de mas de los amigos..como mi micky,carlitos,justa,norma.. marina,marquitos, los papas de isa y los de mas...ellos completaban el show :( espero que recrezen al show
1	5	you try cooking while giving a presentation, u dick
1	2	Who can watch this?
2	2	panthers on the railway nice
2	3	To me, the bailout was a necessary evil to prevent economic Armageddon. HOWEVER, the bailout should immediately have been followed with the kind of legislation being proposed here by Bernie, in that we force the Treasury to identify those banks that are dangerous to our country and to break them up -- Teddy Roosevelt-style. By taking the bailout, those banks showed that they don't deserve to stay intact.
2	4	for earth day, i celebrated by . . going to my local deli, purchasing as many sandwiches as possible, throwing them all in the trash, then taking those styrofoam boxes and digging them deep in the earth in various ity parks. it was awesome. i felt good afterward because i knew i had done my part that day!! also took all the non-biodegradable trash from my garbage and strewn it around as many school gardens as i could find.it truly was a WONDERFUL earth day!! yay!!!!
4	1	Glad you enjoyed it and thanks so much for the kind words!
2	1	Try warpin Rodney Mullen and his tech skate style
3	1	Love it! Is the kid Chris' son, maybe?
4	1	I love this show.
4	2	Dude, this is really good. Indeed, the theme music raped my ears, but this was exactly the kind of thing that needs to get posted more often. Bravo.
4	1	WONDERFUL
3	2	Lol. I can't believe she said " I am the only white person in the village!"
4	1	OMG, I had no idea...I'm soooo loving this, Wes! I've been into Grass since I was 15 (preferring BG festivals to rock concerts) and loved The Birchmere back home.
4	1	Good Job.
1	4	i didnt ask u to watch it or comment it so shut up it aint my fault u thought it was porno or something well srry 2 dissapoint ya perv
1	5	you're horrible lol, fucking clicker go die
3	1	2:27 jojo! :D
2	2	People just cant believe how great this team was and i mean TEAM.
1	3	Bad audio :(
1	3	@5796 I really don't like Ten Chances because players waste the rest of their chances on the 2nd prize.
3	1	Niceee
4	1	OMG That Trey is so fucking sexy
2	2	it should b 0000 if u havent changed it
1	3	how did iran get the S-300!!! please!!
3	1	great video
2	4	give me the live cow right over the table ill carve off what i want and ride the rest home dum dadadumdadadum
2	2	R.I.P J-ROC
2	2	Haha nojgxbjgegiyfhi
2	2	HARDCORE
3	2	Awesome! Thanks. I will drown trying!!! I hope to get it, hopefully tomorrow.
2	2	i prefer kevins new hair style the old 1 looked like a broken mop.
2	2	yea this is all fine and dandy but it dosnt have any good games yet, so this dosnt even matter.
2	2	That made me laugh! Now where are those panties?
2	2	sometimes i wish my hair was short and styled like that, im sure my alter-ego does her hair like that though :]
3	1	Kim K. recommending Kim S. was sufficient enough for me to get interested. I have been using a modified Snider Investment Method for the last 3 years very successfully. I am very impressed with her both as a system builder, and a financial advisor. Thanks goes to both Kims.Glen
3	1	Like you wouldn't believe. That man makes me want to buy out a BB&B store.
1	2	um......
4	2	he is awesome and i now enjoy the cod 4 game play wayyy more now....
3	2	Hey that is really cool. Great background music.I also learned that I need set the camera down instead of holding it. Thanks for teaching this old dog some net tricks.Regards,Gary"Eronstuc"
1	4	@Guaranch pufffffff ... blah blah blah.. girl is your dad,jerk!
5	1	AWESUUUMMM!!! first comment! 
1	4	fml
1	3	It's raining asbestos on them
2	2	haha the thing on his helmet
3	1	@celest143 me too :) will watch a few mins :D
3	1	oho, nice ;-)
1	1	The Library (Michel).
3	1	cool
3	1	This is a cool video.
2	3	@sethisawesome Playstation and Philips were both paid by Nintendo to make the CD addon. When Nintendo decided "CDs are not the future of gaming" (Yeah, nintendo. Ahead of their time, though always leaving their foresight at home) they dumped both and thus
3	2	I love watching your videos. No BS plus you have a very nice speaking voice...have you tried out for the Food Channel? Thanks...
3	2	wow was that a tv in there??? weird!
1	1	first
2	1	Cool David~
2	3	@777Shekel777 , I dont believe in bible codes. I am certain the heavenly father would have said" I leave you with my living word for your benefit and as a blessing to those who listen to these words... ... but oyu will need a doctorate in history and math
4	1	Some great info! I'm very excited to see more talks from this year get posted!
1	1	how old do they cast the role?
2	1	inspiring
3	3	Jesus is the only way to God there is no other 
4	1	awesome!
2	2	ya know lukes friends at the battle of hoth that flew around with him who he was talking to over the walky talkys in the fighters it was them watch it again and youll see it was episodes 4 and 5
2	2	NEW , LOL
5	1	I WAS THERE I MET THE AFTER THE CONCERT!!!! hehe THEY'RE AMAZING!!!
2	2	@HappyWithLife33 no. go dl Fear. way b4 psych and way better I'm sure : )
2	1	That last "Tun tun tun tun tun tun!" Cracks me up xD
4	1	I think we all know that the trumpet player was excellent but man on man, the orchestra backing him up was superb. Very musical and followed all the dynamics....true professionals.
4	1	artistic... talented man
3	2	of course that's fake, they have tons of interviews together where they absolutely love each other. Even extras on the dvd where they're all goofing around
2	2	lol
3	1	4:15, pretty cool moment.
4	1	i just love this song , very goog song :D
4	1	so wonderful job!
3	1	My favorite part was the ending with Jack saying "Did you miss me?" Nice!
1	1	sacredclan/oakclan/iceclan/forestclan/emberclan/ anyother clans ( CLAN VIDEO)
1	5	A knob wow How old are u kid like 12 what would your mom say if she knew u were using that kinda language .go get a life
2	2	I din eat the cookie god... I din eat the cookie!!!
4	1	Beautiful!
2	1	yeah they would be able to engage
2	4	raven needs 2 c'm back eric young sucks i wanna c him leave tna g2 shitty wwe
1	1	oh and also how much room is on the delta hang ledge
2	1	Great style. Really smooth and clean.
2	2	OMG. That's so horrible. 
2	1	its a CHICKEN!!! and yep. 50 bucks. :)
2	1	:D yugioh references lol
2	3	The Republican Party is DEAD!!! LMAO
3	1	awesome
2	2	with all due respect ithink you need to catagories the contents to make it more fluid in use. just a thought. i dig the bag though
1	2	As did I
1	3	Make that 4 people. I hated that guy! We were glad to get rid of him
2	2	i can do that shit...lol :p
2	2	I am unsure of the grammar here. What would kill himself? How much he states humans?Calm down, re-read and then post. It will be okay. Though I do think he has any allegiance save to knowledge.
2	2	@ParkourAmour Actually, it is easier for me to do on bar because my hands DON'T move around freely. On rings, it takes extra effort to maintain your false grip. By the way, I am the guy in the video and on bar I have done this same workout in 20 seconds l
1	1	Does anyone know the best winter lure
2	2	Sick Video!!! 2010 World Cup At Windham Mountain!!
2	2	@Drewstorm, not quite correct. Old School was ahead overall in SUB-TOTAL of BOTH the Quarter-Finals AND the Semi-Finals until the Finals, but Storm Front outscored them in both the Semis and the Finals. It's just that the amount by which Storm Front outsc
3	1	My favourite ballet. The second act is the best bit, (if there is one!) Thanks for sharing.
1	1	Tylko po co? wasze ego, chcecie byc wyjatkowi? Otwieracie sie na sily demoniczne, kt?re wykorzystaly sataniste Monroe aby opracowac metode, zwiesc ludzi i odwr?cic od Boga w tym uzalezniajacym procesie z kt?rego ciezko sie wyrwac, a slad na psychice, grzech i duszy pozostaje. Demon juz zawsze bedzie dzialal w waszym zyciu czy tego chcecie czy nie niszczac wasza psychike i zycie. Niekt?rzy przypisza to smiercia i pieklem! Wiecej o zagrozeniach cykl dokumentalny "Jarmark cud?w".Nic nie zyskujecie!
2	2	Fairytales can't be changed? Oh, that's not true. We've been changing them since forever!
3	2	When Carlos was on LSD playing his guitar, he actualy thought that the neck of his guitar was turning into a snake, so he had to fight that fear and play amazingly at the same time, fucking amazing :D
3	1	that was great fun rick. you are are a fun host too - cracked me up. also great questions and all that. !!!
2	2	@TerenB1 I also saw it!
4	1	You are most definitely an open channel! Your videos just keep getting better and better. Your sense of color and balance is amazing.
4	1	Robin Hood is my favourite one!:-) HAHAHA
4	1	dara is not only cute or sexy 2ne1 is not the same like others group they are the best because they are not just cute ,pretty ,sexy unlike the other using that effect but 2ne1 they have everything sexy ,cute, pretty ,hot ,cool and talented !!! go go go dara park and 2ne1
3	3	Just live your life! Whatever you are, make your small happy life
1	1	Hey Nutnfancy What Blade are you using at 18:00-18:03?
4	1	There is a song here that every country music fan can relate too sometime in their life! Thank you for your great uploads!!!!!
2	2	he a sniper just like me
2	1	Thanks for helping me against that heavy.0:49
2	2	How can u not like Shaggy and Shabba???? LMAO!
2	2	I SoCed the guards. Only Cauthrien survived:)
3	2	She has an Aretha sound, she can definitely get some work as Aretha's background singer or even do demos for Aretha, she's interesting, I wonder if she lives what she sings, these poor women who these men take it through.
3	2	i burned the disc and stuff just like you said. only problem is that when it says " Click the button below to restart your computer and begin the installation process. " i click restart and it just restarts. that's all. no installing occurs. could you help me out with this? thanks and great simple video instructions. i'll rate it 5 stars once i get this working.
4	1	Great video!!!
1	3	Hello? (it's the brain)
3	3	Illuminati? Ha, Ha. I read the book. Excellent. The movie, not so much. She's such an idiot and a fake!
2	2	@blue861000 I agree. Bullies & haters are wrong in every sense of the word.
2	2	Most convicted killers that have been cleared and freed didn't have as much evidence to exonerate them as there is for ALA. If ALA cannot be cleared on the prints, DNA and handwriting, nobody could ever be cleared of a crime. To accept ALA's guilt is to deny solid physical evidence in favor of witch hunting, sophistry, invented factoids and wild speculation. Some think that's stronger evidence than prints, DNA and handwriting. If that evidence is so weak, then nobody could ever be convicted.
2	2	Will be trying this tonight. I might bake them instead of frying. I just feel that potatoes especially mashed will soak up every bit of the oil. Frying is always yummier, but since I'm pregnant, everything fried gives me indigestion...
2	2	@ccdcassi I hope so too. It's still a great city and will always be. Thank you for your support
2	2	yh ur rite soul touching and very sad...
2	2	his hat is fuking sik 5:10
3	2	These are the days these are the moments that pass us by
2	3	Apples taste good but Oranges taste good also. I just summed up your stance on any two opposing issues, do you work in congress? Allow me to stereotype you: Spineless, unprincipled, panderer. Any one will work.
1	2	dizaster sucks
2	2	ok so shep's ship is totally a guitar. it even has a whammy bar!
3	1	Sex, drugs, rock-n-roll !!!
2	2	im a dance minister and when there is song of warfare on sometimes it just be like that. you got to minister to your self and stomp satan all the same time . amennn
1	4	vanguard of justice my ass more like the vangurd of low down cheating mother fuckers
1	1	When was this video made? I didn't see it in the credits
1	2	you couldn't be a Libertarian and believe the way you believe
2	1	this is my new favorite super furry animals song
2	1	totally agree with you. liked them for a couple years now.
2	2	dude just go to the apple store snow lepord is there!
2	1	yeah its totally worth it
3	1	So Dope...!!!
3	1	Charmed LOL
2	2	Ok,You PA boys can stop showing off now. We know y'all have all the power we drool over in the rare times it gets south of you.
3	1	i was a little kid when i heard this song in my moms cd's. i dont remember how old i was but i remember i didint understand the words to well, but i fell in love. i fell in love with the music and the words my small brain could pick up. great era of music.
1	2	? this swucks
3	3	you got a camera mark!!!!!!!
1	1	what is a pyro fx
4	1	Great video Steve! I remember the first time I read John Muir's description of the ice cone, I was amazed by it. To see it through your eyes is pretty cool. Love the time lapse of the creek too.
2	2	@cdreddick34 Thanks for the advice I will consider that the next time I get them twisted up.
3	1	Thank you! :)
3	2	Fantastic. Thanks for posting. And Rod...sort it out!
2	1	legit
2	2	shits perfect
3	2	that gave me chills. ...so very excellent.
2	1	yes
2	3	@VeganButterfly Wow, you expect to have a civilized discourse with that kind of pessimistic dualistic attitude? The reason my responses seem "dumb" to you is because I'm pointing out all of the contradictory fallacies in your arguments. My responses are m
1	1	Gld etf is stored in london.
1	2	@ln4359 havent played since i broke my wrist last year.....its still not 100% yet....
5	1	I cannot thank you enough for this incredible information. You are living proof that the raw food diet is miraculous. You are SO beautiful! Thank you so much for your example and for being such an inspiration. I want to look as beautiful and be as healthy as you are!
4	1	that is the best video I have seen on what the argument is.Thank you
1	4	laureen cheated laureen cheated she cheated FUKIN cheated
1	1	Andy Milanokis!
2	2	I wish the "Nashvilles" would pull their heads out of their asses and promote more music like this, there are very talented songwriters out there, but the Nashvilles are ignoring them. I don't understand why they are promoting this "Hip Hop" country of today. Sure it sells, but there is stuff out there that would sell better.
2	2	i think at 0:57 he was going for another soccer kick but then remembered he was in the WEC lol
2	1	wow neon another episode your uploading alot today
2	2	hey got a question about this if u dont mind. Do I have to control when it starts swelling? or does the pedal know when to do it? im not sure if you understand this, but in simpler words: "does the volume start swelling everytime you pluck a note?"
3	1	i think im in love.. lol
1	2	try and make ur vids more clear
1	2	why do you have that if you don't have 2
2	3	Hmm, who would I rather have talking about foreign affairs? A ball of Bushisms? Or this guy?Great speech Barack. I'm sure another hundred years in the middle-east would reallllly help Israel. Hah! Yeah right.
4	1	Love the AMV.OMG. That's my TV! :O
2	1	on thing to say to cobra commander cooooooobra.
3	1	good job!
4	1	I luv this film
2	4	PITIFUL that the federal govt doesn't give a damn about the very folks that voted them into office. It's absurd to enforce a regulation/law that REQUIRES a pharmacy, OR ANY BUSINESS, TO OPERATE BELOW COST! This is just plain WRONG! As we say in the South- That dog won't hunt". 
1	1	wrd6807 76mf3i2 fr2j070 483v42 772
3	1	aww shes so cute ny little brother does this too
3	1	wow, sickest commentary ever, he's playing assasins creed on gow2! loool
2	2	lol a mage queen huh XP
1	1	TE AMOO!!! WERA !!! ESTEFANI ERES MI TODO UN DIA TE VOY A TENER A MI LADO SI TU ME DEGARAS <33333333
1	3	which is what i origionaly said obama is waisting all of the tax payers money spending waaay too much and not spending they way he should.
3	1	this is the best PCTS live show ever
3	3	That really cool but get a life
1	1	estuvo vacano eso!!
2	2	Looks like fun and the air strip is by my house. I go by it on the way to the town dump. One day I'll get my ultralight.
1	3	snoops fucking baked
1	1	@DaymyanT "actoring"?
2	2	Thanks for posting. Its so old!
2	2	im startin to wonder an worry dude
3	1	Cool. Good job! And dope tracc! Straight up G shit!Thanks 4 tha upload!
4	1	Wow your lyrics are awesome :D Love the key of awesome. Always entertaining
4	1	lve daa song ;)
5	1	you'll always mean so much to me.........thank's for being such awonderful friend......I'll just keep right on proving that good friends were meant to last....
1	2	Why is Jack seemingly nude when he's scared? xD
3	1	i completely just fell for you.....you i will see in namibia.
4	1	florence is my favorite city in the entire world...and, believe me, i've been around. i LOVE LOVE LOVE that you were so slow and deliberate in your filming of my favorite city. i wll visit your post ofte...and wish i were back in the land and city that i love! gracie!
1	4	You freak!
2	2	who loves google? :/
3	1	looks damn good! can't wait to see it!
3	2	Yippy! I was just telling my brother that i was having Nutnfancy withdrawals because its been about a week since your last vid.
2	2	I mean to say with the media would give ron paul at least a 1/10th of the time that Obama gets
2	2	@King100Joe he makes it out less than it is. he doesn't see it as much of a problem.
2	1	good
4	2	You GO girl !!! If everybody were a diva then asshat CEOs might get their act together !!!
3	2	better than shiny toy guns. 
4	1	Awesome
3	1	@whatif1999 I like the bit where she jumpes to the floor and it dosn't blow up and then it blows up and she gets back up and when it blows the second time then she jumps well at 3:21/4:10
1	3	In the past four years, Bayh collected more than $1.7 million in pre-tax income when she exercised stock options from two of the corporations. Her actual income from exercising stock options is higher, but the details of one transaction were not publicly reported.
4	1	Alison Moyet's looking bloody terrific! Wowser x
1	2	cavs have a terrible bench, pietrus outscored the whole bench and hes a bench warmer as well so cavs are a team that breaks in the playoffs so next season you will see lebron on the knicks
3	2	@vannoah i voted 4 him last time...i hope more peolple would wise up...
1	1	cuando va a ser el dia q piensen mas como deportistas y no como ingnorantes perdedores de la vida, q solo saben insultar a los demas equipos. Q lastima me da ver esto, y pensar q yo tambien soy uruguayo... me da asco la mentalidad de todos los fanaticos, q lo unico q hacen es agredir, y no respetan a los otros equipos... es muy facil odiar. Me imagino q es la mentalidad uruguaya, nos gusta lo facil. Q desgracia!! APOYEN EL DEPORTE MUCHACHOS, no la VIOLENCIA!
2	2	Yeah, actually I kind of felt that way myself. I'm probably going to go in and add a few more SMW areas to better even out the Sonic:Mario ratio.
2	2	Killer!
2	1	What a beautiful look that I can wear anywhere. I don't recall seeing you use pigments. Do you like them or use them? If so, I would like to see a step by step tutorial.
2	2	I would suggest that to stop it bowling outwards 1st slow your wheel down and 2nd make sure you collar the top in before lifting like I do which helps to counteract the centrifugal force wanting to throw it out widely.
3	1	tapthattoast (jeezechesse)is like a super star so is jeezejess and jeezecheese
4	1	I used to watch this when I was younger! Good times... lol This was one of my favorite episodes!
2	2	the guy video taping is probably laughing his ass off.
3	1	Conan's such a class act.
3	1	Damn nice
3	1	Haha, wow.
4	1	This is awesome
3	2	Beautiful dog. Don't worry about the not like water once they find its fun there's no keeping them out believe me. Our darling can't help himself if it wet he has to jump in. Doesn't matter if it's a river, puddle or even the bath (when your in it!)
1	5	ssatish112233: another 23 yr old moron on YouTube that don't know shit EXCEPT he's a white boy trying to be black, lol, got all the Dre and Snoop joints in his lowrider, ,lol. You're a fawkin disgrace to this Country. Get a clue, read something like American history... Fawk off moron.
4	2	i love being busy too! as a college student, i get my water in SOOOO fast if i I bring it with me to classes. when I sit at home, I drink diet coke. Haha. If I bring my water, i drink it as I am bored in class. :) love it.anyways, you go girl. stay busy, its good for our minds! just start eating some more calories and keep doin everything else. you look great and will do great at your new job! congrats!ps- love those earrings!
1	4	@azamatbagatov your a faggot.case closed.
4	1	That is a very interesting vid really 
4	1	Love it
4	1	You're good at this!
4	1	Thank you for posting this, the quality is awesome!
3	1	cool
3	1	who's the hot guy with the goatee ?
2	2	matrix is an importer they make nothing
2	2	listen i was wondering if maybe i could see a photograph of an impression in butter of your vulva
2	2	hahaha... ganaz r bro...
4	1	Awesome. Keep it up bro.
5	1	Man this song is truley amazing =)
2	2	Comment Please :]
3	3	Wish he was my professor. But what kind of DUM students is he teaching???
3	2	@herofromthedark Yes, but a CATCHY oxymoron. ;D
4	1	Wow, I'm very impressed. I actually felt my chakras and as I let the music take over I started to 'see' patterns like the patterns on the vid! Great work! I think I'll wait until you create that dvd for the best quality. I heard that compress music degrades the quality thus degrading the effects of the music. My friend told me they did a study on plants where they played analog, cd, and mp3 quality music and mp3 plants grew the least. Anyone hear about this study? Thanks again!
1	1	prl oparty byl tylko i wylacznie na klamstwie, w koncu klamstwo zawladnelo tak bardzo, ze stalo sie tak powszecne jak papier toaletowy, przeciez dalej ma ogromne poparcie, nikt wlasciwie nie potepil nawet szwadronow smierci, ale organizacje z nich sie wywodzace bardzu wielu glosuje i nikt nie protestuje, ze olacimy na nich podatki, a za te pieniazki dzieci w sierocincach zylyby jak gwiazdy filmowe
3	3	JUST SAY HELL NO! It's time for a rebellion.
2	1	Hi erik!!!!!
1	1	@zollotech do you buy them from a store or do you have a contract with verizon?
2	1	then you'll be happy the rest of your life.
3	1	Wow Hadley, this is really interesting.
4	2	holly shit I like that!!
3	2	I've just started running, and only been out three times. Walking, running then walking. Its going to be a long haul as it hurts. I've never seen a happy jogger !!! These videos really help. Thanks so much
3	1	She looks real!thanks.sahit.
2	2	Hey man, there's no way i'm going to put up with being called a ninja.If anything, i'm a pirate. A viking pirate.
2	2	Hallelujah - . Means praise Jehovah. Psalm 83:18That people may know that you, whose name is Jehovah,You alone are the Most High over all the earth.
1	1	Jajaja el Doc de volver al futuro!
1	1	@misschristina11 I used 1 pint milk, that should be around 2 cups.
2	2	better then the ps1 version
2	2	don't you worry no more - Most of us posting here are from the baby boomers, moslty over 50, wonder why there is so much garbage songs out there, the generations to come will never hear these songs...
4	1	ok, i got to watch this again today, and I have to say I love it even more! The music and scene selection was perfect and tied together very nicely, and I like the little effects in this that made a big difference! This is one of my favorite videos for A tale of two sis. <3
2	2	this is a killer !
3	2	Why is Vanessa so rude to him? He seems like a REALLY cool guy! Vanessa is also very knowledgeable and a pretty cool chic.
1	4	sooo boring
3	2	Great catch on the comment, dead org is dead, that's a beautiful sight.(love the squirrel!)
3	2	I actually watched Order of the Phoenix for the first time on friday. And it is far superior to both the third and fourth installments. I am glad they chose Yates to direct the remaining films. They certainly live up to the standard set by the first two. One thing about the music in Order of the phoenix: it was well-written, but in some places, the arrangement was way off, and lost its effect. While it was still good, it is clear that none can compare to Williams.
3	1	if looks could kill is such a good song to blasst in my car
3	2	gorey beat JC by miles 
1	3	Alan is a douche bag! Does he actually think he's charming and witty enough to win over Nat?
2	2	For a 10 piece it's about a thousand.
2	2	she done me like a kipper lol,ye ive seen this version b4 cant remember from wen tho hmm
2	2	i'm not sure if you know this, but its totally illegal to video record at a feis because you can steal other peoples steps. just and fyi in case you later find out that you are not allowed to compete again because of this video.... if you would like critiques from others you should post a video recorded from class or a show.... hate to be the downer, but that's why there are rules................ good luck with your dancing though
1	2	I wish I could pull on your beard!
4	1	thats awsome.
1	2	Sorry, but i think you have the wrong Chris. Or you might just be messing around.
4	1	@FintyWalsh lol yeah. that made me laugh so hard. I love the ending scenes.
1	2	did they cut it down because of the lightning strike? did it kill it?
2	2	very imaginative take on the original! i think that ojarv001 set his to 3/4 time, and yours is in 4/4 time. but i still like it :)
4	1	Love this guy! He left us with some great music. Thanks for sharing this!
4	1	Good Luck 2009 You are the Future and the Present !
1	2	at 1:55-1:58, that kid got embarrassed!
1	2	ew Derwin...
2	2	actually he is wearing his famous magic suspenders.
1	1	does anyone know where I could download this song?
2	2	@aodscarecrow I personally witnessed a blue sky get completely covered with chemtrails .. It happens quite often in South wales UK . here is what I witnessed .watch?v=HEp83piIUfA
3	1	rofl best version of bohemian rhapsody ever!
2	3	Why the hell does everyone cares about his profuse sweating? I do find that kind of akward. Oh, and for the record, those stage lights are extremely hot.
1	4	ah, but what is the point, stripped down to what it is? the point is: the poor people are being fucked over by the rich people. that's what it boils down to. the rich buy our legislators and make our laws. we are owned and as long as we can go home and watch the game and drink and eat too much, we'll buy in and go to a job we hate which makes us miserable, and be led right along the path they want us to take. like good little sheep.
3	2	People tend to forget if it were not the pioneers even though there was tragedy
2	1	look at my videos lol xD
5	1	Whoaa that's awesome! 5/5
4	1	That's just too adorable! Congrats!
3	3	When i logged on and saw u posted this again my reaction was "AHHHH HE POSTED IT AGAIN FUCK YEA!" lol
2	2	idk sumetin dat involves technology lol
1	1	It only works on the author's site
2	1	lets chat
2	2	Expect more footage of Fright Fest 2010, where there is plenty of footage of guests being attacked by big clowns and men with shovels!
1	2	@Mr0Whitey wtf if you go on any revision 3 program you will get adverts
2	1	@clautucans That is great to know =D
2	1	Kinda like being "gifted" a lap dance, eh?! LOL
2	4	but there is one thing i always see i never see a bear or a roach or a tiger beeing possesed by a demon "ONLY" humans! and they same thing we do eat sleep and shit and fuck i wish i was a animal they seem to be the only ones not having problems start looking at the whole picture instead of just looking at humans
3	1	nice point .. about the chimney.. maybe he was high on grass
2	2	they good, but who is that singing!!!
5	1	I LOVE YOU MA,
1	1	hahahhaha xD musste komm =P ihr nachmacher -.-' xDDDD hammer m?sg hahaha wie kommt ihr auf duden?????? xDDDDD geil man PS: es gibt Lyrics ne ;D
4	1	XD lol i always love doing that 3:46
3	1	Probably my favorite line of the track.
3	1	@nor888vast695 She was smart.
2	2	so i did everything like i was supposed to, and when i went to wash it off not all of the image turned out to be burned on enough and wouldnt wash away... would burning the image twice before washing it off help any?
2	2	@BEEBEE159 I have that same Buck Bros. jack plane that you are probably talking about. I have used it to plane many many feet of knotty pine, and yes, knots and grain reversals will give most planes hell. Cheaper planes especially, as the thinner iron and
2	2	I assume you are familiar with Kolender v. Lawson, 461 U.S. 352 (1983), and that California Penal Code 647(e) no longer concerns stop-and-identify.
4	1	A very nice rendition of Ivor Novello`s song by a wonderful singer, lets hear more.
5	1	Keep it coming!! The congregations need more of this. It is pure music, singing and lyrics truly praising Yeshua the Messiah. Also, very TRUE to the Scriptures. Just beautiful, Ms. Davis. Bless you.
4	1	I used to work with Cami in the wacky world of advertising. She's is an extremely talented writer and the book is well worth reading.
2	2	when did latifah have beef wit fox..im a fox fan so i missed that 1.Fox loves Latifah even on 22 Greastest MC's fox said--she loves latifah n she has inspired alot of little girls life's including mine..thas wht fox said bout her
2	1	Oh. I was asking because of the "deja-vu" thing.Anyway, if you like this, subscribe, as more's to come.
2	1	The guitarron is usually tuned an octave below a guitar. Simon Edwards, the guitarron player in this clip, left the ukulele orchestra to form Fairground Attraction and had a hit with "It's got to be perfect". The left handed blond ukulele player is Andy Astle, one of the founders of the orchestra, currently working with "The Band of Holy Joy", and teaching ukulele.
1	2	If we own gold do you not think there is a possibility the government will repossess it like they did during the great depression?
4	1	I love the end.
4	2	Aaah.what a guy,one of a kind.RIP Mr Miller x
2	1	We are looking for Medical Cannabis users to post up reviews of their favorite dispensaries! Google MMJSpots and register. 10 Posts gets you 2 stickers!
2	2	@DustyCustard no.its just a little hard to tell from the video. looks a little like a one-piece dress rather than a kilt. Thanks for clearing that up mate! ;)
1	3	I'm a fucking retard, I know. Can you send me a link that will send me directly to the toolbar download because I can't find it any where for the life of me.
4	1	Hey!
4	1	Love soup :D
4	1	I agree.All of Dr. Larson's stuff is very interesting, and does not seem to be well known among main stream medicine.
4	1	cool. first to comment? Rowan Atkinson kicks all ass! legend!
4	1	Very good cover version and your lookin fit in your video.
3	2	Bruce Lee was the classic and still the best! RIP the Maker of Jeet Kune Do, and Karate master
2	2	Its sad how i know the biscuit geico commercial by heart.
2	1	ola liana
4	1	she is coming to America???YAY! X)
3	1	they should have a ust contest on cape cod !!!!!!!
5	1	Man, I looooooooved this show when I was a kid. So awesome.
2	1	It was done at the Ponca City, OK store.
4	1	amazingness lol
2	1	sounds like a cummins jesus
2	2	I was asked to sing this at a funeral on Saturday. Thank you for giving me a beautiful example. Soli Deo Gloria.
2	2	LOL at May's and Clarksons's "Rozzers" and "In Jail No-one Can Here You Scream"
3	1	Thanks for watching!
2	2	help stop your son or husban and smoke lol jk
1	2	@gurglepuck111 why do you despise them??
4	2	this is my favorite game, i cant think of anything better.....to me this is better than any of the new games...cant wait till the second one
4	1	british marines: awesome
2	2	@niTeDFS Well, as far as I know, he generally is. In fact since he made the prediction that gold would never slip past 1000 again, he's been right on that. I'm just curious why he's including 950 as a possible price scenario. I've heard that 1045 is a har
3	2	SO pretty.
2	2	1986 has never looked so young to me lol
2	1	@5deadspace Update your graphics card's driver software. Worked for me.
2	2	How about calling it LISN (List/Id Separation Networking) Come on Cisco, you knew Apple would make an "iPhone", it's time to give up on "LISP" now too.
2	1	Another good one LORC, its funny - people also seem to turn red when I'm around them as well! 
2	2	lol haha my cuz is scared of these shows
2	2	shit were screwed they have choirs now :O
2	1	hey I like this song because god has really favored me
4	1	i love dis song!
4	1	Thanks :D
2	2	r.i.p Mark Foo
3	1	@1blackone I'm 6' 1" I just bought one, love it, get one quick, their goin fast
5	1	LOL!! Excellent!
2	2	@HatsuneMikuVocaloid2 
4	1	I must admitt.. This is definitely the best Kobe vid I've seen on youtube so far. 5 stars.
2	2	Actually its not much if you just want to take his class at Wand Fight Team in vegas.. Hes in there every day and participates all the time.
1	4	They want us to afford them the protection of our laws but at the same time, they will deny you even the basic right to free speech. Don't be fooled. Islam is here to become dominant.
3	2	@gargoyle2bad4u thats tremendous news. Where did you get this piece of info, I would love to read about it.
2	2	I guess I just suck. - lmfao.
2	1	Please view my new Tree of Life video. Thank you.
4	1	Fantastic <3
2	2	what IS the wake up light? something in each home?
3	2	Thank you for the excellent presentation, Warren. My father and I were discussing our country's poor leadership last night. Self-centered elitists have taken control of govt.. As you say, people who think of themselves first and society last. Sad. I started reading "Critical Path". Fuller is a little hard to read, but it's good. I agree with his theory of man beginning in Austral-Asia. Fascinating!
1	2	actually the adventures of sonic the hedgehog and SatAM where both on mobius, as where sonic 1-3
1	3	How dare you say that catholics secretly worship Lucifer in your comments. It makes no sense whatsoever and shows your research is flawed. Masonary, Theosophy and many more (self admittedly), but Catholic dogmas are anything but secret and completely anti thetical to what you suggest.
2	2	Arghh My ears!! Lol jokes :)
1	1	wen video hermsno
2	2	We were getting 1" groups easily with wolf 55gr FMJ at 100-125yds, so with better ammo? be prepared to wait 5-7 months from Model 1, or buy this one from me and get it asap
2	2	this woman is greatt interpiter....massallahhhhh...she s reall good
2	2	The last good song they made since Champagne Supernova.Just as well, it was time to call it a day.The Beatles only lasted 10 years.
2	1	4:57 LOL
3	1	The story of the Mini Gateic Bypass is very inspiring. And I'm a happy patient
2	1	@DaRxGuY Get All Black Ones.. Or Cortez
2	1	man that's good way to practice (with the boards and all) wouldn't have thought of it
1	3	What about princesstard?
2	1	@Retter81 me too ;D
1	1	I felt that.
3	1	Listen to Ryan Canning's first set on you tube for a great rendition of fiddlers rally
2	2	Gus is so funny - " I really feel good about myself"
2	2	What do you say to those that have proof of God?Show me, rather than ask stupid questions."What do you say to those that have had direct life changing experiences with God?"I smile, nod my head and look for an escape route.
2	2	i wished they cam to TX it sucks being in midland
2	1	im gonna make this tmrw tnx
1	3	Vaccines kill and mame too , my 13 yr old son is autistic from the vaccines the THAT truth the GOV is stil tring to cover that one up. yes- they are out to destroy a drop the population- why did she not tell us"where" a safe place is to go with our families?...
3	2	I am as a Science Fiction Fan embarrassed to admit I hate the Foundation "trilogy"... I do, however, LOVE his ability to make Science Fact palatable to people like me, and I also love his early Novels and stories. I admire the Man also. Just don't see Foundation as his best work...
3	1	Mon Scotland!!! Love this makes me cry laughing you rock xxx
2	2	nice trampoline man, my mom wont let me take off my net, but rj has his net off and hes younger than me.
2	3	This whole taking a test to pass to the next grade started when Bush did the No Child Left Behind Act if you read the legislation it really is not very helpful to the kids, teachers or parents! I know some schools actually teach the test currently schools funding from the government and how much teachers are paid is based on the test scores. It's good in some ways but over all I don't think it's effective. That's just my 2 cents.
3	2	how can u hate bill bailey he's a ledgend!
3	3	cool im gettin an identical system soon, dont upload on megaupload, its shit. Use zshare or rapidshare
3	1	love this song, perfect for me and my boyfriend's long distance relationship
3	1	Lol! :D
5	1	AWESOME!!!!!!
1	4	@Elitekiller72 this is my sisters vidio right, so dont comment anymore cause if ur bored then dont comment or watch simple as............ ok
2	3	True, impeachment is practically worthless. But damn it would feel good to have that criminal scumbag impeached on principal.
3	1	Well done.
3	1	brillient
4	1	mmm sexxy daddy come to my house ;)
2	3	sweet video, but don't count on Obama for shit!
4	1	One of my favorite places in the whole wide world. Thanks for the vid.
3	3	Slash sounds awesome as always! I don't like the vocalist though. D: Go ahead and give me minus for posting my opinion, jeez.
1	4	annoying ass commentators, thick accent + not being eloquent at all + repetitive, dude needs a speech therapist.
2	2	He says: "Making Tofu", then "Hello, today we are going to be making tofu", "with a soyquick machine".... :o)
2	2	Haha, Spaceballs demos right?State of the art and 9 fingers, correct?
4	1	Your really beautiful ! 
3	3	Wrong. Nobody works harder than Iowa. Perhaps you watched 1 practice etc... Minnesota works hard, but do you think it's because J. Robinson spent so much tme as an assistant at Iowa?Dan Gable is regarded as the hardest worker EVER, and that mentality and culture has continued there. Check the number of NCAA titles they have won since 1975.
2	2	lol fare enough :~)
3	1	all about THE ORIGINAL....just like BOBBY!!!!!!!
1	2	yoo probbally didnt get fsx then
2	1	i was there today!!!
2	2	some people like the opposite of this video..tho this is impressive i couldn't believe it
3	3	@a7xphughesa7x actually out of 10: Corey Taylor=1000000000000000000, M. Shadows= 7 (if that)
2	1	i like your dogmy puppy has started responding very well.he doesnt always but most of the time he does.his name's Keo
3	1	WELL PUT TOGETHER, 6 SONG CLIPS IN 1 DEMO MIXHOPE YOU ENJOY THIS THANKS.
3	2	I love this song and I'm from the Santa Cruz mountains but I'm not there right now and missing it a bit, so......thank you so much for this!
2	2	I saw this right before taking a lot of old (1990s old) electronics to recycling... now I just dont know WHAT to do with them.
3	1	yea me 2 dat would be the best thing ever
2	3	Hey, THX for the quick bit of info...So let me get this straight: You're going to give me a special report on web projects AND a consultation for FREE? I haven't seen a web development company do this before...I'll be calling you this Tuesday.
2	1	PLease try to upload The Sword in the Stone
3	1	I like your cover of this song -- the reverb on your voice and slow acoustic guitar sound great together.
2	1	@bugman05 i agree
4	1	What a yummy video! I'm glad you enjoyed yourself.:)
3	1	very pretty patterns 0:52 - 0:56
3	1	Thanks so much for putting these up.
2	2	this game is like a teenage verison of GTA
3	1	lol! exactly.
4	1	bryn ..the superhero....fantastic stuff...
1	1	@anamfirst What's happening in this show?
4	1	Paul mate. Loved that interview!!!
1	3	@kylhul81 Saying oil is going up...Is child play. Anyone with just a gram of knowledge knows the direction of commodities when you print too much money...as gold goes so does all other commodities.
1	2	get out of my office mr.sob i should try that sometime
2	2	That should be a commercial
1	5	@yogitavijay you are a fucking retard. If shiva had some chickens get eaten he would turn them into boots to you retard! Your a bleeding heart loser and I'll bet you are a hypocrite as you are most likely wearing leather shoes and eating meat from an anim
2	3	omg i really hope you feel better .wait i'm crying.
1	2	That's a nervous chap ....
1	1	wat is it thn
3	2	thats a stunning horse. do you stud him. i rode till i was about 20 but had a pretty bad fall and got dragged for 100 yards on concrete. havent rode since. used to have a 16 hand palemino. loved that horse. good riding by the way x
1	1	i`ve seen this guy at the skate park
2	1	how do i seperate my higher self from my physical mind?is there examples for this triangle?how can the physical mind be in charge of your selfcan someone please give me an example of this triangle in action? from where the physical mind perceives the the brain receives and the higher self conceives
4	2	G. Bush was a total frailer. But look ad you president Obama, you are my inspiration, here you are ad your best, this speech was the best speech I have heard in a life time. It applauds not only the great students but also for the US nation and all regions on the world. 
4	4	Well, ya know, everyone has an opinion. And in my opinion, your opinion is SHIT!
1	1	Yes it is.
1	2	These kinds of lies don't work anymore.
1	4	@lovelydove,I just went to your channel & saw your "favorites." You listen to George Bloomer (a false prophet)? & you're interested in hatha yoga (a demonic practice from Hinduism)?? ...No wonder you called my comments "negative"....you have itching ears
2	2	bbw are waiting for you till u come naneedj.info
2	2	the three wheels are comletely new not ones they havent come out with in a long time
2	1	@ECOOL76 only the Very Special ones
3	3	hahahaha!
3	1	Don't even notice that there's no bass. He gets a hell of a sound out of that thumb of his.
3	2	Very interesting. I found her show and she has some great ones. The problem I have with most paranormal shows it seems they spend all their time either A.Interviewing each other over and over. Or B.Slamming each other. So finding hers was refreshing. Thanks for leading me that way.
4	1	I love these guys!
2	1	get it kidds.they lookk likee they having fun!
1	4	PINGAS...ANOYYING
1	1	I heard about this on This American Life
3	3	The Bush administration attached no accountability for the first bail-out, nice that you are trying to imply that its the Obama administration that gave the banks the money. He saw what Bush and co. did and is actually helping Americans not private companies. Lay the blame at the right feet, the right and they are still kicking and scatching every step of the way. We are taking American back it been 2 weeks let see the right-wing-nuts in 2 years, We are taking America back for true Americans.
2	2	@UncleTonka lmaoo
3	1	My wife and I have talked to him a few times. Seen him at a few rallies and Albuquerque. Trying to talk his parents to come to EAA in Oshkosh WI. Great guy just like his parents.
1	4	Disgusting. Our country is in ruins.
3	1	I bought $300K in gold 3 years ago on Peter's advice (bullion). I bought it at about $580/oz if I recall.Smart people listen to guys like Peter Schiff, Alex Jones, Ron Paul, Joesph Stiglitz, to name a few.
3	1	blues are pretty (:
3	3	I wish more of the youth today would take their mind out of mind off B.E.T. and see whats going on. We've got to break these generational curses and kill our slave mentality. Though i don't feel like every brother is a brother(alot will sell you out quick) we can at least live together without always killing each other. We weren't given our 40 acres and a mule...SO NOW WE HAVE TO TAKE IT!! GOD BLESS
4	1	I was there when these two guys did this... the whole thing was sooooooooo funny!!! anyone have the whole thing? amazing video though!
3	1	Plzzz #7!!!!!!!!
1	1	Tube
3	1	this is just the best, Ratt fan 4 life!
3	1	Freaking awesome!!! Isn't that crystal right thurr??? Lol
1	1	Hidup Anwar! Mati Najib!
2	2	hei, hei ,hei, hahahah, hard terrible!!
2	2	From my understanding of biology freezing living cells alters the cells especially when unfrozen....something with salts bursting the cell membrane...hm maybe that only applies to mammals cells? Heck, I'd still eat it.
3	2	dis shit iz fly az fuck
2	1	I shot this to show on a big screen at the West Cliff House Owners' Association AGM in the Salt House on 28th April, so folks had something to watch before the meeting began. It was at the time Google was in the headlines cruising round the UK with car-cams, so it was topical. As for opening the gate, I wanted the cruise to be circular so it could run and run. If you look carefully, you'll see it was patched together from 3 separate runs!
1	2	LL Cool J and Eminem disliked this video
3	1	O__OThe masking is perfect! I don't know how you did all that without your hand falling off. ;DI loved it 8D
1	3	@noobkiller329 How can nasty looking women be prostititutes?
2	2	one Chinese government lasted 800 years, things can be better than 200 years sir.
2	2	lol sick
2	1	=) r.i.p outlawz for life
2	2	there's no way that statement was serious.
1	1	Hace falta unos cuantos Ron Paules para que los EEUU se arregle...
2	1	Theshroomery check it out
2	2	I luv hairy bum cheeks
2	1	I was in Mitre Square on new years eve. There is an atmosphere, even today.Thanks for the video.
2	1	@Cdubzhappy: lmao....oh but acid is so much funner.
1	4	@clehneis then dont watch you moron.
1	1	I never noticed the roman numerals in the back ground
4	1	I didn't even watch gh back when helena was around, but I have seen clips of helena at her best. I LOVE HELENA'S RETURN!!!!!
2	2	i do have to say i think champ car was better series but primaraly in the 90's and i am sad to say i came into this world to late to see the rise of tracy, or remember to much of zanardi or moore. ohh and i miss turbos
3	2	Just seen these guys at Edinburgh fringe and they are fab! Definate improvement on Lady (?) BlahBlah!!
3	3	could it be that the generation that wouldn't trust anyone over 30 when they were 20 NOW doesn't trust anyone under 50 now that they're 60? Get the baby boomers out! Barack Obama not only bridges the racial wounds in this country but will be a generational shift in power... Obama 08!
1	4	dinho=atheist evangelistIf you think hitchens is not a hater you are in serious denial.enlighten yourself with thiswatch?v=GMsjWb975tM
5	1	i so agree!!! XD This may be the best anime i watched this year!!!! seriously it just keep gstting better and better every time i watch a new anime.....i wonder if this is a book? i hope so cause i would TOTALY buy it!!!! XD
2	2	lol gl with a 12a
2	2	oh no, the recap episode! (i'll watch it anyway)
2	2	the first thing i noticed is............ TIFA XDbut anyways good job and keep going la
1	2	@AndreMitStrich because andremit they don't like to hear the truth
2	1	Also viewable; SHEER PRIDE Ghost dance, VIBE Everyone's a Winner, VIBE Rescue Me, VIBE I Believe, FORMOSA Metal Guru
3	1	awesome vid =]
5	1	I love Madoka!!~ And such a nice song :P
2	2	@Tekken6WannaB True, your right. The possibility of them both crossing paths is at least 80% since no one else is near the rank level. Right now they are both DragonLords, I don't really care what rank they are cause I know once the other pros decide to c
2	2	cute - but why is this on snarkies - should we all post babies
3	1	Very pretty. What is your hair type if you don't mind me asking?
2	2	Those are his girls!!!!
5	1	A Classic in the world of Comedy, the writing, storyline & acting all come together flawlessly which very few films of any nature even come within a mile of doing.
3	1	great song
3	1	this is y i LOVE maryland football
1	3	@666fannyfart what rubbish. you are not a doctor.
4	1	By the way, your opening is awesome.
1	5	Stupid ass bitch ass mother fucken ass reporter
1	3	I dont like this album much at all, theres only 4 or 5 songs on it that really stand out to me.. Theres not enough heavy stuff on it
5	1	best show ever!!! he's sarcastic and hilarious!
2	2	Adam Sandler is from Manchester New Hampshire...Anyway Eli was good in this movie.I like this interview side to him better than all the "torture porn" shit...
2	2	hate to say it but none of us live forever. some people die, not everyone can be saved. i would def support a private fire dept, prob be included in ur mortgage. would prob be cheaper, but i also not against public depts either.
3	1	Gorgeous
1	1	does it work well with the bumper?
1	3	he can die from that he can overload his stomach causing it to push his lungs and ribs suffication and it pops
1	1	I don't know anything about the drummer, but is that Jo and Danny in this band?
1	2	@TimothyParadox1 It should involve Gordan, but just in basic speech. It should follow the basic storyline of HL2, but focus on the soldiers life, not the actually game.
1	1	oh my god... esta cancion la escuche en el verano del 97 y me enamore de esta cancion, la he buscado por muchos medios y no la encontraba... pense que solo era un promo que no dio bola.
3	1	Can I move in with you guys??? :3
3	1	R u a mac professsional artist? Cause ur really good!
3	1	may allah bless him jannah may it give reflect humanity peace and light
1	2	he needs to start doing stairs
1	4	are rude comments by ignorant people really needed? there's an option known by most people to put the volume on 'mute' or turning the sound off. hope that's not too difficult for you to figure out.
4	1	thank u 4 uploading!!!! P.S i am makeing flan now!!!!!!!!!
1	1	Yeah Im pretty sure because before I changed it it was always "industrial/techno/gothic".
3	1	Just once I would love to do the Monkee walk with some friends like this -- just for the fun and laugh of it (can we throw in the Monkees too? -- LOL).
1	1	where he from?
3	1	like itt<3<3
4	1	GO CHUCK GO CHUCK GO GO GO CHUCK!
2	1	female seeking a married sugar daddy
2	4	@vanityvideo just because i dont have a mac doesnt mean im not smart. i bet you can barely grasp basic 10th grade algebra. i never said about the right thing, you said the population is dying when its clealy not
2	1	My pet ferret is named 'Charlie' because of that video
2	2	And he was forced to flee Jamaica after one of his early concerts, later returning to join up with the Wailers. SO it isn't crazy to think he was assasinated, but as it stands right now, most of the evidence points towards a natural death (cancer). Unless someone has turned up new evidence, which I would REALLY be interested in hearing.
4	1	Freakin' Awesome. <3
3	1	And remember...selena luved donna summers & janet jackson and they were african american so selena is the best person wen it comes 2 lovin different kinds of races
1	5	Langue...langue..... We all have the government we deserve. Somalia is a cesspool, so you have a cesspool for a government. It's at the point that Somalia's Neighbors had to intervene because off cross border raids and the West has too shoot pirates to protect global trade routes. Somalia Is like Retarded child spreading shit all over the walls, which others have too clean up!
2	2	ahahhahahaha
1	1	Thai Male girls for marriage gettop5.info
4	1	I love this, U keep Me Fallin Head Over Heals :-)
2	1	Send me your direct email in a private message on youtube, and I will email an mp3 to you.
5	1	LOVE the Movie LOVE the Song LOVE Tanner and Nathaniel and LOVE what you have done with IT!!!
1	1	how much does it cost u downloading this game
1	2	guess that car that will end up splitting in half shouldnt have been there at the time.
2	5	First thing first you should learn how to spell .Second who cares that he is bi racial i don't care he is the best man for the job and Powell is free to support whom ever he see fit too i could care less about repbu==lick==ass there the ones out of touch that's why their not in charge any more because there so out of touch? Get a ged then talk too me inbred white trailer trash cunt
2	1	This is the winemaker.Always discard the
2	1	In Sickness and in Health is Pending DVD release. Spread the word to other fan's so we get all 6 series and the 5 christmas specials on DVD. Series 1 will be released soon, as soon as I get the release date it'll be on here...
3	1	Gosh , you can feel her Voice !!
4	1	totally awesome
2	1	@sky466 its a guy called johnny rose, i can't find his version on youtube either though, if thats what you mean
1	2	it look lie a monopod
1	4	4 weeks prior to 9/11 my son and I flew to Brazil, we saw no high security in the 2 US airports through which we passed. When we arrived at GRU the airport was filled with Military, Police, sniffer dogs, security was intense. I asked what was going on, they said there are terrorist threats to airports! Everywhere we went in SP we saw high security, embassies, public bldgs, shopping centers, etc. We returned 5 days before 9/11, still no high security in the 2 US airports...who dropped the ball?
5	1	group hug! :D!!!
1	4	Can't quite see the strings! But, they are puppets! Do they Fly? Do not think so!
1	1	se escucho bacan ese dia en el estadio ya que estaba lleno
4	1	what is this song called btw i loved it ive watched it so many times before
4	1	Thank you Diana for all of them. Loved ithem yesterday and love them today
4	1	I saw Roger Waters performing Dark Side of the Moon and others on July 12, 2007 at Darien Lake, NY, best show ever. He opened with this song, but the visuals were different; in my opinion, way cooler, because instead of a picture, it was the video of the hammers marching along with the rhytum of the music, occasionally changing from white to red, and back. To agree with you, perfect song to open with!
2	2	an i swear this track says amilli so much that it can get annoying lol check out chamillionaire's swagger like us rmx... NASTTTYY
1	1	afiurfcuvv98mupuugo
3	1	I was 6 yrs old and my Elementary School bus driver would play it on my bus to school....Cool huh....
3	1	first view comment and rate good video
3	1	The beautiful story of our origins is bringing us together as the people of the one race... the human race.
1	1	Ron Paul 2012
4	1	Nekoooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo my case
4	1	The greys are real, this is proofreally nice song 5/5
2	1	i was looking for this tutorial from a long time actualy i was knowing all the steps untill you load the shader color with the image i didn't know maya actually figure out to load automaticaly all the image sequence to be corespondent with frames , and i ceck lots of tutorials and you are the first one ho do this thanks alot ,i configure the plane diferently and maya does the calculation for me ,i drop the plane then i go in inputs with 3 height 2 and after i scale x and z:8 to optain 24/16
1	3	what a horrible dream!
4	1	Now live in USA , but proud to say I come from a good English navy family. Both Grandfathers Father and about eight other family members.
2	3	Actually, if you can't tell that my text, containing four words, was sarcastic, then there's no point explaining further... 9:24 wasted of both our lives dude. Peace.
1	4	Americans are thick...believe me, I've been living amongst them for the past ten years.
1	3	sad thing is, is that this will probly happen in real life
5	1	wow what a super fabulous Mum you are..your children are sure to have some fantastic keepsakes..you are so creative and talented i love all your work
4	2	It realy touches u if u think how much theyhave and how much we have today in america...I saw it at church a week ago and I cried its realy sad...my church is rasing money to build and fill a fresh water well in Kenya...and we are almost there!
3	1	@10cx thank you :D
1	1	so what does gquit meen game quit?
1	5	get fucked yankee boy i aint no helpless woman or child you think you can bully so go fuc yaself...ok YA!
1	2	No kidding, I remember my first video camera, lol!
2	1	What would be the first step to ask a girl out ?
1	4	Just because something affects society doesn't classify it as a "social issue." Every issue affects society, so by that logic every issue is a "social issue" and why even put "social" in there, just call them "issues."lol fuck semantics anyways.Capitalism may be greed based, but that's because we're greedy by nature, civilized or not. Also, calling people idiots for not bowing to your beliefs does nothing to convince anybody.
1	3	@Catherine8raw His immune system was already low before the TB and Hepatitis hit. He had an accident where he cut his knee I believe, when he was a teenager, and he got the HPV infection. But unfortunately his immune system was unable to beat it so he gre
1	1	The story was on We Got to Do Better (Hot Ghetto Mess) this week on BET!!
1	3	The show in general is well... stupid and Michelle just makes it all much worse she's such a loser wannabe Feminist.
3	2	i have to do this before i die!!!
3	1	Thanks Pascal
3	1	You guys are legittt!
2	1	the weapon... the foot ahhh this guy cracks me up.
2	2	Thats not a 08, thats a 06 or 07 Classic, this body style was completely phased out in 08 for the GMT-900 Platform.
2	2	@TheSpazmAttack you will get the hang of it
1	3	Hope she catches fire. Her opponent sure handed her a sure fire shovel to bury him with.
1	2	I'm going to take a wild guess and say Eddie long ain't gonna be there
1	2	yuppie flu?
2	1	this was very informative could you make one for (please come to boston) by kenny loggins?!
1	1	2 hours and 35 minutes.
1	2	I think you're refering to Rosie O'Donnel sitting next to her.
1	3	@EvilDoR wow. they had better make it so all classes are open to all genders quick or their reputation is going to take a hit
2	1	Sounds like your tomatoes aren't being pollinated. Do you have enough bees in your area? You can pollinate your tomatoes yourself with a small paint brush. Just touch each tomatoe blossom with the tip of the paintbrush as a bee would do. You should get a better yield. Also, thin out the bloooms so you only have two tomatoes on each stem. This will allow them to develop into bigger, more tastey tomatoes. Good luck.
3	1	Mises' Cable network would be awesome.
1	2	@varunlele lots of rebuilds :S thats wut happeneds in a 2 stroke
3	3	Sickkkk!!!
1	2	what the hell was she doing with her underwear down?
4	1	She had the voice of an Angel. The moment you hear her you fall in love with her.
4	1	that park looks amazing
4	1	what a beautiful song.
1	1	@biggayal1992 Next to Victory with a bronze statue of ADM Jellicoe on the bridge.
2	2	@Cr3ater yea it does look a little dry huh? I BBQ mine, glaze it, and keep the fat on to keep it juicy
3	1	dude this is sweet this made is so ultra fast its unbelievable thanx XD
2	2	how he die! he looked in good shape!
2	1	my little girl cant stop watching
1	1	o_o
4	1	i love deidara and sasori!!!! *fangirl squeal then faints*
3	1	tru genius
2	2	Noa: yea, you woulda been OK as long as the roux was in the same temperature range as the stock AND the stock was not too "greasy" to begin with (SUBSCRIBE! see "magic dinner party video" for stock scumming & degreasing techniques). For demi's- I still MUCH prefer: 1) au natural 2) Arrowroot slurry over roux. keep it up, Kid, your gonna do fine.
1	1	What song is this??
2	1	thats right man homey
3	1	Still my favourite album from Esem.
3	1	I love this video production, even though it may be "amateur". It definitely struck a chord with me, and the narration is perfect in my humble opinion. Great job!
4	1	i have a twin sister and her name is rosemary hope miss rosemary gets well soon she is just a sweetie and sooo is rickey !!!! :0)
1	2	Then Mary's head is lit on fire
1	1	guygiuybhb bbhjui
3	3	Respect lads!That guy was full of shit.Anyother way yuo can remove one without removing the vehicle?
2	3	ITS ABOUT TIME!
4	1	ahh man, thats how im gonna propose to my soulmate :)
1	1	trimakasih mas riyanto 2000 atas uploudingnya hj karisma saya juga orang madiun kok yg skrng berada di usa.
1	5	who the fuck said fuck oy nope nigga fuck u oyyy night was gooody 
1	3	the diffrence is in america its not a god in japan it is america changed it to burning gundam becuz it might be offending some ppl calling gundam a god
2	2	BBBBBBBBB lol please
2	2	@scudFDL i just wish they showed it a bit clearer..
3	2	love the song..da video is kinda dark
3	1	Another great video. Thanks!
1	1	505!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
1	2	And then it got quiet
3	1	I wass theree! (L)
1	4	You asswipe.
3	1	Thanks for your kind comment! I picked this little whistle up in a thrift store for $2 about three months ago, sanitized it, played it once and set it aside - it sounded REALLY rough. Today I took it out and tweaked it a little and I was pretty pleased with the tone. Again, thanks! Looking forward to more videos from you as well!
3	1	this my straight issh.. she went hard on this.. big ups to pharell for helpin her make this! two geniuses at wk!
5	1	AWESOME THANK U :) NAMASTE SUNSHINE SMILES :)
1	1	do you need to be a specific class to do this glitch like soldier or adept etc?
1	1	what album is this one? anybody?
3	2	omg i miss you too. holy crap Nique (i know how to say your nickname but not spell it lol)im gonna send you a note
1	2	sneaky! but not very good loot>.>
2	1	please upload this movie
2	3	He says multiple times that an angel said that he's going to see Jehovah. Fascinating. An angel uses a mistranslation of the name YHWH (Yahweh) from the middle ages (1500 a.d. or so). I don't see why an angel would use a mistranslated name when referring to Almighty God in His Heaven.
2	1	@philosophic9 we are just starting to show it at festivals so hopefully sometime next year to the public... you can follow the film on Twitter (@rubblekings) for screening updates...
2	1	There are Anderson PowerPoles that go up to 75W... I try to use Anderson's for everything I do. Just makes everything universal.
2	2	Because it's hard to save up money in the original. Besides, you're always gonna buy new weapons because the enemies get tougher. For example, you don't need to buy the Walloper (though it will help in Gaspar), you absolutely need to buy the Devastator, since it's gonna have to be your first big source of damage UNTIL you buy the R.Y.N.O.
2	1	It's "From Yesterday" by 30 seconds to Mars
1	3	this video is boring
1	1	also, does this video make the showwx look brighter, darker, or the same as in real life?
4	1	I love O Fortuna, its such an epic peice of poetry. I am gonna use it as a trailer for one my videos. I'm not trying to advertise my channel either. I'm just saying how cool this song is. I first heard it on Son of Jackass. I thought the way they used it was halarious XD
3	1	oh man!..... batista and undertaker are two of my favorite wrestlers!!!!
1	1	gracias por subirla..hace tiempo la andaba buscando...pa primera vez q la vi fue hace un a?o en estados unidos y por desgracia fue en hallowen...estaba q me cagaba el 30 de octubre para salir al desfile de disfraces...pero esta perra esta pelicula..pinche ni?o asesino..
1	4	omg, she is so dumb.
3	1	Thank you for this beautiful song. Rest in Peace Monsieur Brel.
2	2	@WhoYouCantSee SWIM has had long lasting residual effects with DMT....... people need to face it, no mind altering drug is ever going to be good for you, however there many people who can put their mind under continual abuse via psychedelics and be fine,
2	2	i was talking about p2p genius. have you seen all the famous pkers they train range up first? range of ish,kids ranqe etc? then they get melee stats.
2	2	Glad that 10cc, Suzi Quatro, The Sweet, and Wizzard are coming up soon - the major Glam rock bands than Gary Glitter!
2	2	I saw this tour in Boston and I swear the beginning of Stand Back was different. It was a sound a wave that started out soft and no one knew what song was coming till it got louder and louder and then the synths kicked in. Does anyone else remember this? No-I wasn't high!
3	1	Awesome, I needed a guide on this achievement.
2	2	lol haha and then the double back and they wont even be able to do it
3	2	Baddest assed beat ever heard.. Kinda like that Young Jeezy beat...
1	1	@KFCNYUKAA lulz.
1	2	only one lyric I'm not sure about that may be wrong due to watching his live performances change in brackets [ ]:You're my bad habit babyYou're myYou're taking my souldown to the level [O]
3	1	1:00 i eat grilled cheeses with a sliced pickle also , i love the contrastin flavor of the dill pickle taste and the crispness of it against the softy gooey and somewhat sweet melted cheese and buttery toasted bread
4	1	I absolutely love this Apron! I think I'll make a couple for my Great-Granddaughters for Christmas. Thanks a bunch!
3	1	: )
3	1	I like how you're not sponsored. Keep it real. Looking forward to what you have to offer!
2	2	how long will it last before you do it again?
1	1	my call outLondonTeyonaAllisonCeliaNatalieSandraThaliaCourtneyNijahJessica FoEliminated - Aminat
4	1	wow, my mind is completely blown. i would give anything to draw like that! :D
3	2	you are absolutely correct !!
4	1	sooo cute....! i am totally doing this
4	1	I love how you can hear people in the audience singing "Cherry blossom girl"They sound beautiful live!
2	2	@NuraHawk It wasnt that hard! :)
4	2	...and what if the world is really depressing? God didnt heal you? You are speaking to thousands of people and they are listening !!! Spiritually you hang on to Jesus like you never have before. This IS healed !!! You have to hold on to this truth- Jesus died for you when the world didnt care. Onward Christian !!! remember your love for Christ? Shine before the world !!!
3	1	Oh, yeah I subscribed and marked this as my favorite.
1	1	Is this crazy Macadoodle Fife?
2	2	godbless alex jones and dr scott whitaker
1	5	I'd fucking kick the living shit out of the driver after the race............... Track him down and pound him down relentlessly..................... Go to his house and fuck his wife.
1	5	Genies in bottles, toothpaste in tubes.... Is it too much to ask, that these "highly educated" people we elect to office can clearly literate their ideas, take responsibility and solve problems? oh wait......yes it is. People who once held these same positions 50 years ago, thought marijuana caused Blacks and Mexicans to rape white women, that "reefer madness" was real.How long can an oligarchy monkey fuck the truth and we stand around and take it? SPEAK OUT!
5	1	BEST EVER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
4	1	I love this look! Thanks for the vid!
2	1	haha well said
1	1	booty bag?
4	1	LOL cool vid, I'VE BEEN THERE!!!!! XD u guys seem really cool!
3	1	i"m a big fan of the wall and i will tell all of you why the wall is all of me and avrey time i see the wall movey or here th cd and i just get the feling of that i belong to the wall.
1	2	Oh, Wonder boy is upset!
1	1	si asi como pelea culea puta madre
3	2	My daughter is 1/2 Khmer/Cambodian and she loves this song. She is 3 and loves to dance to it. Too bad her grandfather (Nay Koy) is an azzhole lol.
2	1	Sounds like am saturday lol
1	3	if a man talk about another man when that man aint present that man dont listen.thats true shit
1	1	...Maybe they could get Aaron for Ling?
4	1	Hee Hee! at 0:03... I see THUMB!Wonderful return bC2! This piece is *so* quirky-cool... sort of a classical-jazz audio-dada-ist set of flavors to it... I think.It's amazing to me how well what you play fits, yet is so distinctly YOU... such versatility!
3	1	@7PietroNe1 
3	1	Thanks Yeadon
4	2	I love your vids, keep em coming! Its really great for guys like me who can't get get the game right now! :)
2	2	I wana a pet pot belly piggy!
4	1	Every track on this CD is a masterpiece. Gould playing of Gibbons and Byrd is the equal of his Bach playing. The Sweelinck is also great.
1	2	I was refering to people like "charlesischuck " who obviously thinks he's a present day Einstein.
3	1	Thankyou for doing this :)
1	1	@SounzNice Where is that specified in the bible?
3	2	Nice, I like this piece. Brings back memories. (what little I have) I kinda wish I was there
2	2	@MatthiasVargas not really. while it is true in the NC case, as there are directly contradicting laws, in the case of banning christianity for example, it says, congress shall make no law, and not that such law could not be made by a state. so a state law
3	1	how much did it cost you guys to build that??? cuz i would buy one 4 sure.
1	1	cat fight at 5:30
3	1	Subhanallah, Love This So Much
3	1	Great
1	2	batgammon black????????
1	3	I tuned my greenwood and it blew up. Not whilst tuning, I mean when I got back to Ganton, some guy jacked it so I kept shooting him and the car blew up.
2	2	That was a deffo win for the boy in blue. He was robbed.
2	1	you are completely right
2	1	Thanks , looks easy but effective.....
4	1	Fantastic! I love Jack Lemmon!! Thanks so much for uploading this.
3	2	@AnneWorld no it dosent, it messes up the bow though >.> like i snapped almost all the hairs on mine.... but you can get some amazing sounds with some creativity and a wah ;D
1	2	@Nintendomanwill Of course that wasn't an experienced audience, his traditional seminar ended before this lecture, probably it should be for undergraduate students, but even today confusion between public and private are common due to keynes, it is necess
1	5	hey mk pur3...FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUCK YOU
4	1	Excellent video! It does a great job of promoting the Capital District and all of its assets to high technology.
3	2	@kblank18 I agree. Man, I remember it putting the hurt on charizard o_o. I always loved that pokemon because it was so powerful. 
2	1	Cool pack....can it fit on the JUMBO VERSIPACK?
3	2	lol, the sioux deserved this win reason is because they basically outplay every team and mario lamourauex would have kicked marvins ass, mario has been in so many fights lol st cloud wont go very far with poor defense and sioux defense #3 in the country YA YA!!!!
3	2	love this song man. im a huge stoopid fan. are you from san diego by any chance? i got a waffle perc too, amazing hit.
1	1	If you can meet naughty women benaughtyman.info
3	1	Aston <3 iluu xxx
3	1	Ugly Organ is by far their best.
2	1	here's a site ya all will love video2mp3(dot)net you can convert youtube videos to mp3s for free without downloading any programs and you can get the music that you want all the time
2	2	My dad uses Sta-Sound for his dog. She was shot as a 3 year old and had a bad limp ever since. After 5 days of use, she no longer limps and can run again.
4	1	that was awesome
3	1	Thanks for the helpful video, but do you know how to make them run?
2	2	bling 989 i hope your not talkin about this song if you are listen a little closer brother peace.
3	1	Excelente el video... me fascina...gracias
3	2	wow this is a good lecture. Sorry for the facetiousness.
1	1	rong send ung isa kong comment sentido kumon pre!! ^^
2	2	its gonna end up being a draw. i wanna be a vintage wrestler, lol.
1	3	Einstein believed in God, you doubt his existance, its obious that you're being foolish right now.
4	1	i am so turned on right now i'm going to explode. thank you for this video. 8-]```
2	2	I never saw anybody working that fast at the boat school.
1	1	Troi, ban khen thiet hay gia bo vay? Muon cam on ban lam nhung khong biet ban khen that hay khen deu.
3	2	@iissyy123 Give Chris a little credit. It was his first time on the camera end and I think he did a good job. Thanks for the info and catch ya later.
3	1	FREE MY BOI BOOSIE.........
3	1	very very very very nice video add me on gunbound and gunbound, drift, and if u play luminary
3	3	@Doza8791 good too see another TRUE metallica fan! There are certain songs I dont favor but I agree with you, REAL fabns are with metallica for the ride from Metal up your ass to Death Magnetic !!
3	1	love this. great scampering music. (right, Karen??) thanks Barbara its a joy to revisit these with the lovely images
2	2	6.2 engines do have there weaknesses like overheating but u can upgrade the fan and coolent system. also the heads are known to get spider cracks in them. and cranks break from the harmonic balencer rubber rotting away throwing it off balance. and people put in stud girdles on the lower end to prevent main bearing web cracks. i know people put in gear drives to replace the timing chains too. as for the 86 sub it cracks on the frame where the steering box bolts on. but theres a brace to fix that.
2	2	Burnout Legends/Revenge FTW!
3	1	Salaam
3	1	xD I love them. And the midnight ramblers
2	1	@mbt9000 I really don't know but when it does ill put in a new serial key im sure there be more serials key in the future
2	1	anyone who knos bout lockerz pm me ur email and i'll invite you
5	1	they're awesome<33333
1	1	Presvetli Pavle ...
1	1	Pasa el tiempo y uno ya no es un chiquillo. Como adulto joven apreciaba el estilo picaresco de los Troveros Criollos pero como un duo, Garland-Perez. Sin embargo, en mi mente me titileaban los nombres de Pejovez y Ladd. Esta marinera del maestro Manuel Acosta, ha terminado por confirmar mis lejanos recuerdos. Que epoca la de los cincuenta en el siglo pasado. Cuanta musica criolla se hizo, cuantos conjuntos, solistas, compositores y autores alcanzaron la gloria. Viva la musica criolla carajo!
2	2	yay my eyes wont roll away!
2	1	hair grew in a hour !! funny looks cute!
4	1	Aww Armaan's so sweet it was so cute how he interacted with Minnie! :D
4	1	This is an awesome woman of God. I am truly inspired to do what God is requiring of me for such a time as this.
1	3	dr.weaver is just plain mean..
3	2	i really miss him today was the day the four jt kids died and it madde me tthink of paul and his amazing small i love u dude i hope i can talk to u soon again
4	1	love him his sooo gud
3	3	ummmmmmmmmmmm!
1	4	This is some boring crap. No wonder the youth in America are uninterested in politics.
1	4	like this stuff isn't market driven? also, since when has size, thickness of paint, all that "grand" oily urgency, ever been an index of how good a painting is...oy.
2	2	He could be right here. I think its too early to buy commodities here though
2	3	Okay, even his own brother suspected him while he suspected his brother. So even though it hurts that Duen suspects, she really can't be blamed, especially since she HASN'T known him that long (like his brother has) and he refuses to explain stuff to her.! arg. But, I still find her pushiness a little annoying. I don't care about her believing him, but I wish she'd believe HER brother's prediction. oh well...
2	2	@gokory no, I do not add water until day 18... If you have an automatic egg turner, you would be removing that on the 18th day and the developing eggs would be placed on the screen bottom, water would be in the trough beneath the wire screen. It does not
3	1	that is pretty damn kewl,, who woulda thought a huge aluminium bridge tough enough to support a abrams! sweeeet
3	2	@iimoneysignsii 
1	4	bitch is crazy!
2	3	@vinny1010 this means an even worse scenario of hyperinflation here. I agree it would give those who see what is happening time to prepare, but lets not forget that the longer this goes on the worse our problems will be when it is finally over.
1	2	He was almost stopped, and too slow to take off.
1	1	do they sell it in stores?
3	3	lmao hahahaha
3	1	Hell yes. Thank you for uploading this video.
5	1	saw this last night...AMAZING!! really, they all did such a great job!!! i'd go see it over and over again!!!
3	1	those pics of izzi murder is very nice i wish i could meet her great video and good coise of song u picked for the video
1	2	Check out DNA activation synchronicity, that's no maybe. The Universe is NOT a "giant maybe"- read about Unified Field Theory - Youtube search Nassim Haramein's work. The time is always NOW, you are not random and "maybe".
3	1	I've seen this shelter and it's wonderful. So much TLC for all the cats.
1	2	i put bon wen in a table of conlangs in the 'conlang' article on wikipedia but it removed it :(
1	2	my hardware installer doesnt detect it.
4	1	Agreed everyone!! JUST LOVE IT~~
3	1	thank god for the BBC
2	2	@EvanEatsPie -.- It's from audioswap lol, and what's wrong with My Shooter!?! >:O
2	2	also it's muted sirens, not a new siren. (source, lyrics in the book of lyrics with the limited edition album)
3	1	i love ha so much
1	2	weird....
2	2	1 thing plus a 2nd thing equals a third thing,yes. i saw this long ago. peace
4	1	damn Chris! Just when I thought Cosmo was my favorite song from you, I come across this and now I can't decide. Another great original song! And after a second listen, I realized "six lane highway" was a very clever metaphor haha AWESOME. Can't wait to hear more originals!
2	1	I agree with you
1	2	pedicure chairs looks uncomfortable &+ no massage..
1	2	And another thing: Where do you find these washers? Lowes and Home Depot DOES NOT CARRY these washers. I spent a half of day and about a half of a tank of gas to find a 25 cents washer. God have mercy on my soul.
1	4	that glass looks like itd really be painful for a human face X(
4	1	Just absolutely beautiful.
3	1	...Morning Musume ft. Captain Falcon XDMan you are the master of H!P remixes.
3	1	this is my 1st favorite boondox song my 2nd favorite song is sippin
2	1	4:50 kid gets EMP in care package =)
4	1	youre work is amazing. actually, at school we are doing a thing for "a person you would like to teach at your school and why" normally, when writing i rush through (about 3 lines at the most), but when writing about mark crilley i go half a page!
3	1	Very nice!
4	1	Superb on the live set too - a great song. SImone Felice has put together a great band - so good to hear his heart ticking!
3	1	this song is pretty good this is a good song so ill put it in my ipod..........
2	2	Actually, they were not made for children, but for the general public as a more affordable way to buy records. They were produced between 1914-1923. If you check out Little Wonder # 249 I have on here, there's a lot of background and history of these great records I added with that song. Thanks for listening!
2	4	STOP SITTING ON THE BILL AND BE A AMERICAN! WE NEED A SENETOR AND SENATE THAT WILL STOP THE HOA IN TEXAS AND MAKE US A PART OF THE UNITED STATES AGAIN, HOA IS UN AMERICAN!
2	3	When he said Melee was better he was obviously talking about gameplay. Yes Brawl owns Melee when it comes to features. However Classic, Allstar, Event Match and ESPECIALLY Targets were butchered in Brawl. You can't even use online against Melee anyway because Brawl was a duel laired disk and the gamecube didn't have Wifi connection. Okay here's where Brawl dies in my eyes. The gameplay...IT WAS NOOBED! FOR THE CASUAL GAMERS! Almost all of the hitstun was removed, and they added tripping, and...
1	3	lol,SHUT UP!!!writer rage
1	1	Cuireann an fh?st?ip gliondar ar mo chro?. Caighde?n ard taifeadta agus an t-?bhar thar a bheith suimi?l. Maith sibh a chail?n?!
5	1	This car is fantastic! I drove one last week and absolutely loved it! It looks gorgeous, rides so well and is so nippy for a 1.0-litre you don't need anything else! Go for the 1.0-litre manual and you won't even have to pay road tax! Brilliant!
3	1	@Turnback Good response.
3	2	Yes but losing doesnt mean dying. The Japanese had a code of honour. They WOULD win or die trying. Terrifying and Brave. Dont say cowardly as its ANYTHING but.
3	1	Great !!
2	2	y didnt joe get sick? i thought he was closer 2 nick, but glad they always try 2 be healthy
3	3	thats coming from a fag who sings into a camera in his bedroom! lol i captured this in the gym as my heaviest squat, and i was quit pleased with myself but never considered weight training as being a homosexual activity until now! so thanks for that i will call it a day and take up something more manly like playing the banjo, acoustic guitar, singing or perhaps ballet. only joking your songs aren't bad had i little listen :-)
3	1	to hear this song make me go up and dance to the music.Love tradition Khmer dance(Ramvong).
3	1	imma marry her!
1	1	allah yarahmou l'algerie makhdou3a.???
2	2	honest to god my ancestor is William Penn
2	4	Capitalism is the final chapter in historic evolution of THE TYRANNY OF PRIVATE PROPERTY RELATIONSHIP? of alienation,exploitation and suffering of humanity, a Market mechanism where minority interest is the NEGATION OF OUR COMMON HUMANITY IN COOPERATION and HARMONY. We shall overcome the structure of minority power and oppression and reclaim our l planet for a world of cooperation for our common needs and well being, expressing our energetic creative potentials in freedom of being.
2	2	kieran is like my sis she will like think there's something wrong with her and think she needs to go to the dr or stay home from school or whatever
4	1	Part 2 of 9 - After watching it - reconciliation of Lebanese people is a true democracy. Nadin, best ever film directed for the west and east and of course for the whole world. . Truly a great film. I loved it and liked it. Excellent piece of work.
1	4	@yakamuci and your a fag
1	2	so when mr kraft said his ex wife was behind it he knew she was a witch?
3	1	love the tune from 4:15 to 5:40
3	1	I find this very captivating, awe inspiring. A very impressive interpretation of the song and it's meaning, where the hell was my animation class in middle or high school? Damn.. I would have loved to have a chance to take that.
4	1	cool vid!!!!! i guess the guy that cut away had his reserve repact due the next day!!!!!!
3	2	i love when the media spends weeks talking about how they shouldn't be talking about something.
1	1	@HuskyRusky 
5	1	omg thats just ....wow i cant even describe how amazing that was BEAUTIFUL AWSOMNESS!!!
1	1	@daboss777888 this was 2004
3	3	if the "gold medal" is living your life under ground,then f**k it,il take me chances on land!!!
2	2	What would happen if Weegee fought against Light from Deathnote in Mugen? Who would win?
2	3	Sad thing about the Maxima is that it SUCKS unless it's loaded up with features. what sucks about it is the way it feels and handles and the S model's suspension is WAY too soft and bouncy. the gas pedal allows no modulation, and the car isn't the easiest feeling to drive. I'm talking about the base model S only, the loaded up ones with sport suspension are awesome though.
1	2	lol how she gonna have makeup on coming out the water
2	2	have these comments become a random circle of randomness?. good moc kid. good to see a mocer near my age.
1	1	wher do u order your kits from
2	1	yes you get it.welcome to my website rotarycuttertools cOm get more info.
2	2	I've enjoyed Chrysler ever since I rode in my great aunt's 1971 Imperial
1	2	Huffdaddy72801- you are offering false, misleading teachings on christianity. Your so-called 'bilblical unitarianism' doesn't exist anywhere in the bible as anyone who reads and studies the Bible knows quite clearly
2	2	@Nightshade715 Yea, the hardest are the 'follow' or 'stalk' quests... but you get used to it. :P
2	3	what does that even mean???? lots of big words that sound clever and mean nothing. The only thing that made any sense was that we are all connected. But anybody with eyes could see that.
2	1	how did you put the mountains and continuous sky there
4	1	Best best ;-)
1	1	Todavia esta vivo el Sicodelico!
4	2	I cry every time I hear this song so beautiful and it brings back so many memories......Damn you M.C. my one true love at the time.
3	3	wow. so many Chinese Cambodian in Australia:)! I think I should moved over there! I hate the U.S. now!
4	1	Thanks i love your comment tooooooooooo sk80nzero
1	5	She is an idiot!!!
3	2	Your friend is quite the character, not the best photographer though! I couldn't get a good look at the spider. You're a brave man, I must say :)
4	1	that was really cool!! :D
1	3	whoever sang the chorus killed it
1	3	someone kill me if this thing actually comes to life in the real world.. just shoot me
3	1	hes got to be the best pirate i ever seen "so it would seam"
3	2	still amazing no matter how many times i watch it. i can pray for book two book but i highly doubt it will ever come out :(
1	2	Not for me this one!
4	1	Glory to God! Thanks so much for uploading this beautiful video. It helps me prepare for church every sunday!
2	2	@westcountry1 You're right, they probably wouldn't but the lyrics just make me think that (:
2	1	I used to prefer the other version but this one is a little more laid back and his voice sounds fantastic
2	2	45 people had such a big ear orgasam they missed the like botton
3	2	Those are by far the beefiest mutton chops I've seen in a while, the only other person to grow that kinda weed-age was a rude-boy in hollywood who looked like a muppet with dirty denim and smelled like axe and BO.....HOWEVER Joel is by far much cooler & cleaner
3	1	MASSIVE! BIG UP THIS DUB LARGE AND HEAVY
2	2	LOL - he was so busy hunting down your skirmishers he forgot about his left flank.
3	1	this is wonderful it reminds me of gong x
1	1	She saw the teeth mark on her.
2	2	LOL.... not 400.. more lik 150 with a whole different mindset.. if i sounded like a dick a I didnt mean it. im just hella jealous that these people can play sc2 and i have to wait till its realesed.. its not wrong to want to see an epic match right?
2	2	@andy55055 You missed the point here in a very dramatic way. I believe in Creation because I know God. And yes, there are only 2 ways "this" all happened. #1, God spoke it into existence with order and purpose, or #2 it all just began on its own without
1	3	has she aged naturally!!!!!!!!
1	1	ese jaripeo es como en mi rancho que la gente anda vendiendo los garbansos y las papitas chindonas las fiestas como estrano ami ranchito querido
2	1	This is about WP, or White Plains in New York I live there and my math teacher used to go to bars with him and 2 years ago when he was still known as Matt Miller he came to my 8th Grade math class and beatboxed. It was pretty sick.
2	2	Lol at how they watching him get beat up
3	1	Yukimura sings the best!!
3	2	or you could just listen to all of them :D that always works too :P
2	2	Binghamton 4th of July Weekend - Blue Angels :DHoping to get to Rochester this year, but it's less of an incentive when neither the Thunderbirds or the Blue Angels are headlining... :\
2	1	whoa
2	2	everyone is so mean to frisco...give him a break
2	1	Me and my friend thought our mom's put ecstacy in our drinks when we saw this o.oSo trippy maaaaan
2	2	I'm going to boot up my laptop and take shit while watching this. It's like eating Mcdonalds while watching a Mcdonalds commercial. So satisfying.
3	2	great cover, except a couple small things. First, congrats on having a good enough ear to down tune yer bass a half step. On the bad side though, listen to the stops. The last note in the main riff is either stopped short, not sustained, OR it slides up to the octive D# (E on a standard tuning). Other than that minor thing good job woohoooooooooooooo
3	1	really nice! like an impromtu rot hod!
2	2	Sad that hes no longer with fsn so i just turn on my tv at home turn it all the way down and put the radio on The X just to listen to lange!
3	1	OMJ!!post soon!
3	2	so.damn.INTENSE
2	2	I don't even have to watch this video to write this. That's one I watch often but won't subscribe to. I generally watch every sub vid as they come. I have to be in the right mood to watch the meltdown. When in the mood I search Bethzilla and watch as much as I can take or until caught up.Nice imitation on the intro.
3	1	Can you do one of that toyota tundra you had in the background? I've got one and would love to hear your review of it. Thanks
1	2	ehh..he means modd them!like PIMPIN them!u get it?
5	1	Great Aikido, great music, great energy! Thanks for posting! 5 stars!
3	2	that shit would be cool to work for rockford fosgate
1	1	wait so is this Miam Or Niley
3	1	Jacq: you were wonderful! and what an honor: congratulations, Molly
2	1	LOL hi there!! XD 0:27
1	1	what day of this month does england play montenegro?
2	4	It sounds to me that Hitler has been reincarnated in the form of Lord Ahmed. Let us all rally to get riid of him before he helps the Muslims to take over this country. Although I admit there are some good muslims amongst these evil people who live under the cover of religion so they can get away with Murder.
3	1	I love this music ... This song was pre loaded on my laptop when I purchased it . Every time I play it I get teased...lol, it goes well w/ your slide show
2	2	2030 now?! well done obama well done.
2	2	The explosion must have been season 2 of 24. Poor George Mason.
1	3	actually this ad hurts homosexuals because it makes homosexuality seem like a choice.
2	4	Woah, slow your role cuz. I aint makin shit up. Im Ahmose the Liberator. The Corruption Killer. I bring nothin but the truth. My main goal is to stop all lies, lies = corruption. You don't know my life, but if you would take my word then you would know my life. Please fall back with that "jockin" shit. It is what it is, jockin or not this shit has to happen. I dont know why you mad at me when im helpin yall niggas out. Im stoppin that mainstream bullshit.
2	1	thanks dudee my first attempt :)
4	3	How the hell do you have only 500 subscribers. This is one of the best series of videos i've ever seen. You're fucking rad sweettea, way better than shitty Brookers, how the hell did she make it up there?
3	1	Mahalo! I will keep doing it as long as I can.
1	3	@Questfortruth86 You're not telling us anything we haven't already heard countless times. Sorry to disappoint you.
4	1	SWEET!
1	1	part 1
1	4	go clown yourself!
1	3	he handled the fire not working thing good,"That was it, is that a joke?"
3	1	@DJW1704 The new hat system for counter strike is going to be epic.
4	2	THANK YOU SOOOO FREAKING MUCH!!!
1	1	I recognize Mitch Weissman as Paul, but hopw could I find out who played George & Ringo???
4	2	Holy Crap!!!! This is the most amazing thing I've heard and read in a long time...
3	2	Great vids! But you should add some caption at the start saying you may need a blowdryer and nailclippers lol. My BB is still in pieces until I can get those off people tonight haha.
1	4	That Mac was so shitty. I wish I wouldnt have seen that part
1	2	mad air on that back disaster
1	4	irael you dont know how strong WE...ARABS...ARE!! U HAVE NOT WON YET!!!
2	2	ohhhh.... I wanna know about the "the family life and personal struggles of Drunken Tiger front man, Tiger JK" and of T but I don't understand Hangul, can you please put English subtitles? ?????
2	3	i wonder, eventually we will be able to illegally torrent ferraris and shit, XD. DOWNLOAD A PAPERCLIP!!!!
1	1	isn't this from part 2?
2	1	Oooooh yea
4	1	VERY good flick ! 1:50 is the best scene .
4	1	this song is the best :)))<3 i love their voices <3does Jonathon sing?
3	2	completely agree with u man! join the revoluion and fight for our rights!
2	2	WELLL >.> ty for telling me were to get the stinking dotter my only problem is were the one like it has a dotting tool and on the other side it has a thin brush Were do i get that one?
1	2	this is why you must learn to manage your own accounts,.. unreal
2	1	@rogeropie - It's a tamil folk song from tamil nadu, Southern India........a typical village song
1	2	Panic!!!!! where's the xanax?
1	4	@SkimGFK ...and they should have edited that out. just like being at the movies and some numb nutt speaks out the dialogue ahead of time. people need to shut up and let the audience enjoy the calculated impact.
2	2	Dizzee Rascal For Prime Minister, Whats Happenin. lmfao
1	1	Hey Curt where was this?
4	1	This is better. I like it! Camera's ROCK!! :P
5	1	this is the best song on the album. Daughtry is amazing. This album is far better than the first one, which was amazing too..but this one blows it out of the water. Hands down.
2	2	@davidtrebicky yeah i got it now
1	3	whooo NO NWO
2	2	lol i knew Silver would pick K.F.C because i know thats your fave i did see that coming.
1	4	WTF 1:00:05 HOW LONG CAN VIDEOS BEEEEEEEEEEEEeeee FUCK GOOGLE
3	1	Oh wow that looks delicious.:3
3	1	I want that song !
2	1	nce vid u should make some more vids like this and wat is the name of the manga?
4	1	wow nice i love it and lviv the video is so nice good job man god bless you and god bless UKRAINE!
3	1	Probably so. Dwight was on Flaco's "Partners" album around this time, and he took Flaco on the road with him.BTW, if you've never heard that album, it's worth a spin. Dwight does Warren Zevon's "Carmalita" with Flaco. Good stuff!
1	5	death to croatia!!!
2	3	sad to hear u lost ur money on drip... but hope ur back to kills some more nerds broski
2	2	@mingmingmochi ikr?? lol
4	1	i'm getting my first pair from shoedazzle soon! i'm soooo excited! it's sooo pretty! love! the best part is...it's high quality shoes for only forty bucks a month! holy goodness! :D
2	1	@MobianAngel Dreams of an Absolution
3	1	Nice show
4	1	Love it!
1	3	Tomalak was salty as all hell after the birds of prey de-cloaked.
1	2	Oh, damn it! Now this song is stuck in my head.
3	2	Thank you Jesus. When I was 8, I heard about a man who loved me so much that He gave His very life for me. He is the best friend I've ever had. I heard about Him, and now I'm trying to tell others about Him too..
1	2	Cheap Drama...
2	1	Looks pretty decent. How much you asking?
2	1	wow i showed this to all my friends
4	1	Thanks esrohtv, I enjoyed this tremendously!
1	3	what you posted, makes absolutely no sense what so ever!
4	1	I am so impressed and the hard work shows through. Wonderful girls, keep it up!!
3	2	matts a badass! lol. love this clip.
2	2	@Imperi4 You are correct and incorrect. Slam is indeed a waste. using DW and wreck at the start insures maximum usage throughout the fight. at least at high levels of gear hit capping is very good because of the rage generation. And as for mastery me and
1	4	it is excessive force, no dicipline taken from Sgt. Jesse Garcia to those men who did that.. the cop that did the kicking n punching, send his ass over here id like to whip his ass, along with that other cop punching and tazered him 3 times. friggen rediculas.
3	1	takes me back, great band great songs
2	1	drewin looks so good when he go see janay.
1	1	@antropopellazgu me too
2	1	hey is this on your flip camera?
4	1	Thats so awesome! i want one! :P x
2	2	We are not trained technicians here and are using the VCA description to explain the end result, which is volume. If you could explain a different way to us on what is happening then we will use that information to explain to others in the future. We just took it that being an electronic instrument that it would be using voltage to control the amplitude.
1	4	dye noun
3	1	great video keep up the good work mate
2	2	cgi sucks jackie is the real stunt man
3	1	Thats really cool! Never seen anything like it!
2	2	Hi. I get your message, I just want to know if you believe in aliens ?
4	1	This is beautiful!!!
2	2	why nick got that stank face hahahaha
1	1	better by switchfoot
2	1	If you wanna download this mp3 click to easymp3grab doht cohm.
2	1	@uniupload 
2	2	it's in the description now
3	1	The Roy Orbison image, backing and vocal is very good. Nice job Marty. My type of music ! Regards Brian UK
4	1	Wow, you're getting better and better every time! This deserves a 5 star rating even with the wrong words in the second verse, lol! x-D
2	3	how did you get the screen in there is it stickin out i had bought one for my town car and them ho's told me it wouldnt fit
1	1	@7711630479 HUITRES MARICONES, SEPAN QUE EN MEXICO SOLO HAY DOS ESCUELAS DE AGRONOMIA---CHAPINGO Y LAS DEMA--!!!!!!!
2	1	@schank111222 hi! no it's just that when i bought the bloggie from tigerdirect, it, sdhc, was on sale and class 6 to boot! it's still on sale for less than $15.00, now.
4	1	aww that looks really pretty =]
1	2	um whats up with this
2	3	You did a horrible job with your mom's voice. It's alot more... idk eviler? xD if thats a word... <3
2	2	so a mom isnt aloud to congratulate her son because he made a basket in basketball?
1	5	advertisment SHIT
2	1	and now claas came out and beat that record in 6 hours!
2	1	my Dad and Uncle sang the song in this movie called, "Please Be Mine Tonight." :) !
2	1	Hey Charles, WHere did you get that necklace???!?!?!
1	4	Yeah, the three guys that died in this accident were buried in lead caskets due to the radiation they recieved and were thus giving off. And yet the people who enter the facility for the "clean up" scrubbed themselves vigorously ... uh huh, like that did the trick.
3	1	Hey. ;) just saying hi.
2	1	revlon superstay liquid e/l is meant to be good
2	2	I hope you well better soon. I'm off to research because I've never even heard of welchol.
1	3	men. they are all the same, arent they? sitting around talking about their conquests among each other, about who is cute, who they felt up, and all that. with that said, this is a mighty rich culture.
2	2	@Cubemario Oh ha my bad lol . . . . .
3	2	awesome video!5***** and fav.yes, you are absolutely right!The epistles to the CHURCH and the BRETHREN at Corinth is so good at proving OSAS and refuting those Lordship Salvationists!It says it right there in verse 1!Paul calls them brethren!But all these rejectors of OSAS would say they aren't brethren!
2	1	that was front flip
3	1	Beautiful Ghazal
1	1	am fost acolo!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
1	2	what does low points have to do with it?
2	4	I'd fuck the shit out of Selena Gomez!!
2	2	@KyleAF Yeah I guesse.
1	4	lol silly ego whore
2	2	What's with the uniform? How many passengers and flight attendants do you have in that Boeing 172?
2	2	trust IMDB and watch at your own risk
4	1	I love this song!
2	2	@WhereAreWe1994 maybe you should check out Dr Michael Newtons 'journey of souls' maybe you are regressing to the existence 'between' lives.
1	1	Hmm.. basy na koncu troche pod dzwiekiem, co przeszkadza, ale og?lnie bardzo dobre wykonanie. Swietnie! P.S. Czy przy fortepianie siedzi Pani Ewa J.? Jesli tak, to pozdr?wcie ja ode mnie bardzo serdecznie :)
4	1	Jack: Don't do anything stupid
1	1	diablo k cancion tan buena, yo nunca antes habia oido algo como esto,
1	1	2276cc
2	1	@soeffingwhat I like this theory best-- I am trying to think how that unpredictable factor is best expressed in personality psychology terms. It's some combination of being a bit 'manic' so you take a lot of risks, and having a high 'Openness to New Exper
1	1	vlik ogledov ane :D
2	2	I'm curious. Why the Kinman p/ups? Why not a set of Seymour Duncan's? There are currently at least 3 Seymour Duncan's on Ebay for ?20 a piece or a full set for ?118. Nice guitar though, sounds great! How about a replica of the red Strat with the EMG active p/ups?
1	2	@InfiniteWhizBang I dunnow...ask Cole Porter...
4	1	I Love it.
3	2	Julia makes me sad whenever I listen to it. It is so beautiful and eerie.
1	2	its not on the crooked side its laying on the crooked side which makes it look like the sub is on the crooked side. you should double check before you comment
1	4	miller can't get a gig anywhere but fox bullshit!
1	3	Heh. Poo face.
1	1	najbolji deo kad kaze : "jer mora da se ima dobra rakija,u dzepu obawezno,nova nokia,ispred kuce golf,serije dwa" :D:D
2	1	this guys not to bad with the old cat and can
1	1	mashAllah....
1	3	this is garbage
1	3	i have a question thumbs up if u agree with me. Why do people watch a video just to hit the dislike button and make inquisitive people like me ask questions? It seems like a waste of time to me.
3	2	That crowd is sick... how did you control the dancing woman without riot control?!
1	3	stupiddddd.....
1	3	Well. This song is rather blatant looking at it one way and rather ambiguously worded looking at it from the other angle.Allude to sex on the internet -> Preteens go crazy
3	3	Just remember that they don't control us through lies, they will try and control us through truth. Look to our national constitution and State constitutions. They are the Supreme Laws of the Land. Our forefathers saw this day coming. Some say that it is their GOAL to overthrow this great country through a third party. See the truth, but refuse their solutions. Their biggest fear is that we will remember the words that built a nation. Our rights are endowed to us by our "creator".
1	3	DL Is Really Boring iDK how he a king of comedy n he use da same jokes every stand up jus in diff order
1	3	Well, this company is a scam to a certain degree. The coins being marketed by Numis Network don't need to be in slab cases. This is simply a marketing strategy used by this company to sell silver coins as "Collectibles". There is more money to? be made selling coins as "Collectibles" (i.e. overpriced); but, again the silver coins being marketed by this company are simply hedges against inflation and it doesn't matter if they have been mishandled, or have scratches on them.
3	1	thanks for the video! great job!
3	1	Introspective is now 22 years old and sounds like they made it yesterday. Brilliant.
3	3	fucking sick!! grave digger is so underrated!!! one of my favorite bands.
1	1	j'adore, elle chante bien
3	2	Amazing at the end i lost my voice.
5	1	AWESOME!!!!
1	1	@mullahaliackbar like jelly stuff
3	1	@scraper1000 i agree and i norm listen to hip hop, rap, rnb, garage but wen me mate put this track on i was like :O the beat is bangin
2	1	my youth choir sings this song!!
1	4	@horseycutie thats horrible! not the plot line, the slaughter fest that can cause!!!
3	1	what kinda camera did you use??? its great quality
1	3	and and and...uhh uhh uhh... Does he know anything about the game.
4	1	perfection
2	2	A public option is a must! Any health care bill without one won't control costs enough.
2	1	To get this mp3 go to audofier doht cohm.
1	3	Raven is freaking bullshit, why doesn't Serge just leave? If he survived so long unregestered and out of prison, then he can do it again.
3	1	YES! Matt finally got to play an organ live, I think he's been wanting to for agesss!
3	1	Couple of sound level issues, but sweeeet apart from that, we want more!
3	2	I was a little worried at first, but you ended up doing an amazing job! You have a great level of detail. Very fun to watch. I hope you upload more.
1	2	We havent found anythingWhat can I say the nile isn't just a river in Egypt.
1	1	does it drive
2	2	Do you help find new homes for the rescued rats, or do you just keep them all?
2	3	I liked Johann a lot more in print. His article on ex-Jihadists. He pointed out that 93% of Muslims in London do not support a viewpoint of Islamism and violence.
2	1	I became devotional after watching this movie .If possible u too watch
4	2	awesome!. but the shipping takes awhile, but i cant wait!
1	2	Oh hello Tea Party. How does this feel!?
1	3	ok dot def fuck dat jawn up all crazy
5	1	this band is awesome xD she is so amazingly cute ^__^
5	1	i just love this song....and gurdas mann's voice is awesome...
3	2	haha dats jokes... funny shit man lool.. id crack up if the people who was actually walkin n past n "dancin" saw the video hahaha
2	2	But in the end she didn't control anything. I do like A.B, but not as much as alot of other Tudor Fans
3	2	Mme Lucazeau is magnificent and domin-
1	2	where the fuck is part 3 and 6 i wanna see the midget and the donut guy.
1	2	since 1978 - the CIA just got worse
1	1	is black ops in both the past and present:S
3	1	its funny that i still remember in your concert in new york in "2001" i think... ya were singing "it happens every time" then you said "i love you" to a fan! you and frankie were the sweet ones!
2	2	how do you know? you met shannon on tour?!?
1	3	That IS NOT a Piper PA-28. That IS a Cessna Skylane C-182. PA-28's don't have those long skinny landing gears. And the elevator is completely different. A search for the tail number reveals is a C-182. I can't figure out how the media called this one a Piper as for them all small airplanes they call them Cessnas ;)
1	4	@kurtieboy4 You are a rock fan right? Only they are so ignorant.I would peek at your channel and see,but you dont deserve any views.
1	5	kid yamamoto is a fucking thug
4	1	Fackin' CLASS!
1	5	a men to that mi brotha u hate it kuz u dont understand it faget
1	1	dr champion
2	1	@humanparody12 dat'll work too :D
3	1	well cool
2	2	its carb legal right?
2	1	@destroyah1122 np
3	1	thankz 4 the walkthrough man ur funny 2 haha thankz 4 all the walkthroughs u have done
3	2	lol nick u humans burn in the sunlight... we just dazzle lol loved it
2	3	@TheVishveshwara ...
2	2	the way the dad is in this is how my dad is...lol i aint kiddin
3	3	ahahahahahhahahaha. lmao
2	3	wait im lost, i responded to pri2006 and meant to say gouliani is an idiot. so are you defending gouliani, or did you think that i thought ron paul was an idiot. bc i like ron paul but think gouliani is an idiot. let me know. RON PAUL, baby!!!!
1	2	i thibk he hack that acocunt
3	1	Thanks.Yeah that Majini's molotov being thrown in the complete opposite direction was lol :)
4	1	OH HA HAHA HA HOURS N HOURS O' FUN!!!!
4	1	This is some great music!5Stars!
3	1	The host is Vicky Beeching. She actually has a cd that came out in 2006. She's really good-worth checking out:)
2	2	This is...surreal.
3	1	Very interesting. You have a unique style, vocally, lyrically, musically - they are all different than I have heard before.
2	5	wooww all these kids are fags talking about how he beats women. do you fags believer everything you hear. and in case you didnt know he was found NOT GUILTY.
5	1	YOU ARE AMAZING!
1	3	@rob3342421 Considering the early comments on this video are up to a year ago, pretty sure VISTA wasn't even out yet... s_s
3	1	only 322 views wow
5	1	Love this and this song! <3 Muahhhhhhh KSG rocks and is the REAL winner..Love it Nina! Muah!
2	1	that was Sal and Richard baby
4	1	Nita,
3	1	btw I love the EVA biped
3	1	'Although i look like a joker' - Mashallah Dr sahib, I love your sense of humour as well as all your Dawaa. Keep it up.
1	4	@zammystavez make another portal someplace diffrent and you will spawn somewhere else in the nether
2	2	Or....Zach Galifianakis looks like Sam Beam.
2	2	ummm allrighteee then
1	2	Stein was guy who set up William Hill he had Casino that was closed down for dodgy operations.
2	4	why stand on a silent platform, fight the war, fuck the norm!, Censorship my ass, let him say what he wants to say, thats whats wrong with the politicians, they don't vote whats best for america but whats demorcatic or republican.
2	2	@ManhattanProject9Heh-heh... You're right. I'll ignore it.
4	1	@QueenOfBreyers oh coool wow good luck :) he sounds awsomeee
2	1	We have to try.
3	1	im memorizing that surah right now, this video will be useful ;-)
2	2	@tim3jones my bad looked like a rattler!
2	2	Glad this chase scene didn't end of the Marx Brothers' career in films. "The Big Store" was to be their last picture, but "A Night in Casablanca" and "Love Happy" followed.
1	4	she is a bit of a bitch isnt she?
2	2	Oh noes, a lethal banana.
2	1	Yup. It will pass through the audio to your receiver. So you can do 5.1, 6.1, 7.1... whatever.The audio jack is also an optical out.
3	1	@evageline01 oh please do, thanks x
3	2	awesome video. i like the old grill better though
2	1	you can see the silhouette of Black Jesus smiling down on you from inside the sun
4	1	LOVE THIS!!!! 
2	2	@antjd3 I think he made the news pretty easily recently.
3	2	Commodore Stone does a good job of ringing that bell. If he gets tired of being a commodore, he might do well as a good humor man. Lt. Shaw, however, is probably the worst prosecuting attorney of all time. She lets Spock make speeches on the witness stand, and she can't see Cogley's defense coming from a mile away. Good looking chick, though, and in Starfleet that's all the qualification needed.
2	2	@axel1million Check out thoruim alliance channel on youtube or on google tech talks.according to them thorium seems very promising and reasonably safe sounds almost to good to be true.
4	1	Oh I love him Robin! Can't wait to see him at the inspection.
2	4	Jesus warned of "false Christs" and deceivers who would come to mislead the masses, saying, "... they will kill you and think they do God a service." Do not follow the agents of Antichrist!
1	2	can you tell me where did he go?
3	3	Ahhhhhh, This Songg Is On "Pretty Little LIars" When Toby IS getting Aressed /:
1	4	NRM supporters are just hooligans and are proving their hijack of the nation in mere preliminary elections
1	4	I have personally met with at least two such people. Once was a Polish Jewish woman who went through Nazi concentration camps, and then through Soviet Labor camps. She said it was pretty much the same thing.
2	2	Agenda genocide. Very nice.
3	1	Thanks. I'm getting into green juice and spirulina now, and I'm eating fresh vegetables and salad all the time and I feel great for it! A question though, do I need to eat all my food raw? At the moment I eat boiled sweet potatoes and steamed veg. I also drink cucumber juice. I'm vegetarian now, but I need to go completely vegan. ALso, how do you feel about alcohol? 
3	1	James Gregory for President!!!
2	2	@premo459 It's important because this is probably the first feature film the US has ever made, and it shows how we should not portray some people in film, such as the African Americans. In school you have to learn about the events of The Civil War and t
5	1	Love this Amv !!!!!!!!!!XD!!!!!!!
2	4	We need to organize! We need to inform! Stop being sheep and open your minds to this blatant architecture of tyranny and oppression!!!!!
3	1	Practice this, and save some lives!
1	4	this is a bullshitits like staring at ketys vagina and not doing anything else
1	2	no way... seriously?
3	1	John Lithgow is stunning in this role.
4	1	Simply Lovely!!!!
3	1	an amazing interview great info thx for sharingnamaste
2	3	Do you have a black belt in karate? Btw: You should've used a wig when you acted like your mom!!!
1	1	EunHyuk & KyuHyun & DongHae Oppa<3
2	1	Nice horn.
1	3	@djhz2001 we get it now stop complaining and watch the dang show
3	1	Damn. This kid can ball...Nebraska would be well served by offering this kid. I think, judging by his film and Brian Carnes', Kain is better in every aspect of the game.
1	1	Do you have any information regarding the creation of bonds on prisoners?
2	2	Sorry about the poor audio!!! I will remove and replace this video as soon as I can reprocess the audio track. 
2	2	hmmm as davros has appeared and hees dead its possible that the emporer has appeared as well?
2	4	The end is very near !
3	1	i just went to the k i love there jumbo tron
2	1	(clip seems to be from about Dec. 2006, if anyone's wondering)
2	1	yep, go for it
2	3	This is Bullshit get CHEMO ABVD but BEACOP is better
4	2	good god almighty..I CANNOT BELIEVE i MISSED THIS. Diana is pure electric. How could one living being not be touched by her , her song, look, and truth.
2	2	lol
5	2	Niicee,! i FUCKING LOVE YOU! ( if your a gir ) hahahha
3	1	good job dude. can u please send me the tab.
3	2	This is a awesome vid!!! I think i kno u. R u Hunter F. Bcuz u look like him.
1	4	ILL SHIT
1	4	At 2:00 I was like "ITS TEH TRIPLETS FROM HELL!"
3	2	i understand how people think GaGa is a cher copy...however. I dont think thats really true. Sure, GaGa is way out there, so was Cher. But the music is different and I think GaGa just took inspiration from all of the greats, and has still created her own person. you can love them all.
1	1	are the achivments eazy?
1	4	You should put some extra long sliders on you ass
2	2	the intro reminds me of pantera so much
2	2	i hav 2 agree with u. I understand where u are coming from though FantasiaP. I also used 2 struggle with the alot 2.
2	2	I feel something's unusually clever about this.
4	2	I LOVED Davey/Romero. Those stiff kicks really made it great. I love that puro style. I remember a point where Davey was gonna kick Romero in the head but Romero moved and Davey SLAMMED his ankle against the ring post. That looked like it hurt A LOT. Btw, you said you gave Davey/Romero ***3/4 but in the description you put **3/4. Just saying since you probably didn't notice.Btw that asian chick's name is Jade Chung.GREAT VIDEO!
2	1	Nice one! Land Surveyors all over the world must have fun.Check out my site for some Scottish surveying fun as well as some Scottish scenery.
2	2	i'm serious. spunkman is my uncle!!!! he made all these kickass levels!
2	2	they had sex
2	1	hey check out our version of pan in 'A' minor. new dimension (grenada)
1	2	@sitafreak420 No, I don't think there will be a touring m5 this time. I could be wrong, I think I just read it somewhere. Probably the new m-sport 5 series though.
2	1	cool, does this actually air in Russia? I hope there's some Ron Paul Russians out there.
2	2	MANY YEARS AGO "THE GUY"LEFT WORLD AND RETREATTO "DUNGEON OF DOOM"NOW "YOUNG BOY" GOES TODEFEAT "THE GUY" ANDBECOME "THE GUY" WITH HlSGUN PASS HANDED DOWN BYFORMER "GRANDFATHER THE GUY"GO FIND THE "8" UNITSNOW BECOME "THE GUY"
2	1	Half indians rock!
1	4	MrEbonyman: You put the ignant in indignant.
4	1	Woooooow i'm luvin this!!!! gotta give it 5 stars!!!I'm a rapper born in London now living in the USA.if you want feel free to check out my music and tell me what you think =)
4	2	i love the horse of the year show , hope i can ride in it with my current horse one day ( big dream) but we might get there one day!
4	2	aww! it's so amazing that your doing so many follow-ups!!! and the got MARRIED!! YAY!!!! I''m so happy and sad at the same time!!! If you do the kids and Joe, i seriously cannot wait!!!!!!
3	2	This is such a good song. The video is a bit irrelevant, don't you think XD It's like Indiana Jones themed, haha. :P
1	2	0:01 Skip Ads.
4	1	One of the things we LOVED about Debbie when she first hit the scene in 1978, is how damn COOL she was!!! Well guess what, she's as cool as ever! Queen of Cool at any age.
5	1	This song is amazing!!!!!
1	2	English sub please
3	2	Master Wong is rocking some dope ass pants.
3	1	Thanks mate. Much appreciated :-)
3	1	I love Brokencyde.! I reallyeh like this song, well all of their songs xD 
2	1	launch before the columbia. btw first comment.
2	2	Why is Aerodactyl nicknamed Harry R.?
3	1	Great work building that plane. It looks and flies like a beauty.
1	3	@alekasattic23 The Blendtec carafe currently has a 3 YEAR warranty, (LIFETIME warranty on blade assembly) and if you end up with cracks in it, something terribly freakish is going on, or you have been using it as a target at the shooting range. Blendtec
3	1	lets funk,yeah
2	3	clowns are scary!!!!!! but good job
3	1	1.50 Center stone, H, Vs1, F, Round Cut (For maximum facet light reflections), 8 diamonds on the sides..3/8 CTW total on the 8 diamonds..got for $11,188 ($12,000 originally) will keep upgrading carat with time..aim is $50,000..wedding band is 1 CTW..(Proposing next July..wish me luck), and Yes, yours is a very good quality..what ya think of mine? (Errr..hers hahaha).
2	1	Yes. XD
3	1	This is great
2	3	i feel a bit sorry for all the marvel heroes because something bad happend to most of them spiderman:his uncle died which he blames himself for not stoping the killer when he had the chance, ghost rider:father died and became the spirit of vengence,Wolverine went through alot of pain iron man is no longer human, has his pacemaker as a machine and i can go on and on but you know what i mean.
1	2	@SploderMaster Over populate ? Yes ,true but the jobs that the Latin american people do are the low profile jobs. Such as hard critical manual labour. Which involves a lot of physical stamina. Dish washing and etc. If they are doing low profile jobs like
3	1	01:05-01:28
3	1	Okay that all sounds wonderfull. Where can I buy one?
2	3	Agreed!!!! In this day and age "doing the right thing" often comes with a lawsuit for the do gooder. It's sad to say but i think as long as he called the authorities he did the right thing!
1	3	As long as the GOP is for tax loop holes that encourage US corps to use Chinese slave labor, and for deregulating the criminal bankers, and holding up SBA lending to small business, and for taxing billionaire hedgefund managers? at 15% when I pay over 20%..as long as the GOP is for this BS..they are not on my side and they don't get my support.True, Obama is late to the game, helping small business but the GOP are just obstructionists.
3	2	I wasn't sure at first, but the end product is really gorgeous! Great job!
2	2	ME TO
4	1	Very impressive selection, incredible playback off those 78s! I'm a blues guy, and haven't heard some of these. Tasty!
3	1	one of the greatest songs ever produced.
1	3	They tried but what you see in most of the 'room' pic is the 'Upgrade' that cost more....some upgrade, from bad to 'As bad'.....
1	3	Please tell me that that robot bed will be only for the disabiblties that cant move or we will turn all fat!!!
3	1	Great song by Mike, thanks for posting this.
1	1	How does the laser light destroy the cavity?
3	1	Thank God we had him for awhile.
4	1	nick and ria are the best dancers !!
1	2	7th damn not first
2	1	you should add some more tags to get more views. I would add to the ones you already have - detroit diesel 371 oliver 3-71
3	1	Great job getting it to play decent Chad and it really sounds good.
4	1	gigantic palaces 
1	3	I wasn't directly talking about violent video games.I'm coming from a point of competition. Despite demographics, Nintendo used the event to find ways to one-up a competitor. Afterward, with the adoption of the ESRB, Nintendo allows violence in their games, such as the SNES version of MK 2.This business, like any other that's entertainment-related and has large sums of revenue involved, is cut-throat with contenders doing a lot of backstabbing stuff to each other out of the public eye.
1	3	north, north east, north west = nothin
2	2	I get all the news I need on the weather report.
2	2	What do you listen to?
5	2	awesomely epic! lol i laughed so hard, i nearly peed myself! 5/5 and fav ^_^
3	2	Thank you. You just saved me hours of fustration. Even though your half way accross the world.
2	2	i appreciete your way, i have another way to achieve goals and keeping your motivation in high level, by fixing an elastic goal which move by the time you achiving it
2	2	This is not true you need to change the UCS or actually read your command line and it ask what two points on what axis you wish to rotate
2	2	Was that Ricky Gervais, who drunk the water and spat it up from laughing?
2	3	I like Mr. LaRouche, I just wished he would get to the point, like a greatest hits of his current info on what the heck is going on
4	1	Your videos are awesome and understandable, I'm always referencing them
1	4	@DaPepsinator 
3	2	lmao, this video is so creepy O.o
3	1	hahaa..this was good. great singing voice tol
1	4	@Canaderek Israel have zero credibility.
3	1	Nice!
3	2	lol wtf was that about.... sitting by the fire drinkin a can of ginhahahahaha!!!!!!!!
1	2	can you help? I can't get the files to show up on mine when I connect to the TV
1	2	Oh you mean the debuff line, cant remember the precise name. All addons are listed on the main channel page though.
3	1	How funny, right before I listened to this song I fished eating some Cracker Jacks! Nice music! I hope you post more!
2	2	You managed to make Pocahontas sinister. There has to be some sort of award for that.
3	4	Jeez they really know how to getta season three don't they?
2	2	There's part 2. About time. The game maybe long, but it was fun to play.
1	3	Oh dear. Why oh why?!!
1	5	dead rising 2 is not dead island u fag
2	2	Anyone who wants to trade a Level 80 for a Level 80 mage 3100gs, Relentless and Wrathful PvP gear. Message me and i'll get back with you ASAP. I'm bored with my mage and want to try out other characters.
1	2	@mhill2559 No he doesn't.
1	1	around a cluck :o
1	3	@deepart15 ok are you scared of a goat? a rat? a bird? a tree, music, people life. all those things kill you.
1	1	Fantasmagorical Elspeth
1	1	Komar Heryanto....bisa minta alamat tem
2	1	i wish i had that elephant head in my room
5	1	I LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE THIS AND YOUUUUU
2	1	Watch at 1:25 on the left haha
3	1	His handwriting is amazingly good. It's interesting how much repetition exists in math. A development of a topic involves such a gradual transformation of ideas. It's very gentle. Math pokes at the imagination in a very powerful way. That lecture hall seems like a happy place. I wish I was there. I would play firsbee afterwards.
2	3	Yeah I noticed, juggernaught, claymores, x3, everything sorted... Oh and btw that shotgun kill streak was inspiring :D It's nice to see they've upped their close range damage. Tuesday will never come soon enough :(
2	1	Like the Gator! I just made a forum for Gators. Please check it out we could use your knowledge. johndeeregatorforum
1	2	its twin pipes.they sound like crankshop
2	1	Apple's in high gear these days!
1	4	Coulrophobia.. fear of clowns..
1	1	@AcitobuS ...PMS..jebena stvar.. B)
3	3	I SUCK @ BEATBOXIN COMPARED 2 MICHAEL! OMG HE MAKES EVERYTHING I DO SUCK COMPARED 2 HIM! but i aint mad @ him still my man!
1	4	In a nutshell, $cientology is a war on sanity!
2	2	Yep, Standing end and working end. But remember different people from different area's have other names they use, from a boating background I use working and standing.
2	5	just smaked that nigga lol
5	1	Betty's Pies is awesome. I tried the bumbleberry pie. Best pie I've ever had!
1	5	lita was pregnant wen she had the lil fight with trish, thts y WWE is so fake if tht was real she would've miss-carried!, dont bother replyin to this comment cos i dont care its my oppinion!!!!
3	1	np :)
2	4	@dinomand What are you guys so afraid of? The assumption that war must be part of the mix is a product of the fear mongering academicians. Let people control their destinies, it's called freedom.
3	1	great video i do the exact same stretches :) lol its funny how u keep getting tongue twisted when sayjng 'stretch ur splits'! xD
3	2	@MonkeySpank100 Hey. The movie is only playing in 3D here also. I see your point about Kelly Brooke. :) Thanks for the comment!
1	1	hahaha no si se oye algo..y tu ve la opotunidad de poder ver lo en persona!! omg esTA MAS GUAPO DE LO QUE PENSABA Y ES LINDISIMO!! SI LES GUSTA LA CANSION CUANDO LA ESCUCHAN IMAGINATE EN PERSONA!!! OMG!! ESTA 3 VESES MEJOR!! ME DIO ESCALOFRILLOS CUANDO LO TUVE AYI ENFRENTE OSCUCHANGO LO CANTAR!! ES BIEN BUENA ONDA!!
5	1	Such talent. Such passion. What a beautiful, magnificent voice! Wonderful.
2	2	9:32 the beginning of a lady in the bible you seldom hear about but accounts for psychic abilitiesHuldah the prophetess cuts to the chase
1	3	So why doesn't the Pope or bishops kneel during consecration or to receive communion? Are they more worthy than we are? Why don't they have to show "proper respect and adoration?" I've never received a satisfactory answer
3	1	yo, grav hammer? TOTAL. HALO. STEAL.
1	1	bonito video y bonita cancion ;)
2	3	why isnt he pro yet? fuck
1	3	that scared the crap out of me too.
2	2	its hard to believe that in five or ten years there will be no more actors still living from the great film, The Wizard of Oz
1	4	man..poor captaincy/team management let MUMBAI down..Nayar at 3 ahead of Rayudu/Tiwary is a disaster..Pollard sent in after duminy and Harbhajan!!!!Spinners win matches at DY Patil ...Dhoni is a smart Guy floored Deccan and MI with three spinners..Zaheer is a choker..he abused dilhara with Maa behen ghalis when he dropped a catch..but he himself dropped even easier catch next over....Zaheer was responsible for WC 2003 loss and now IPL final loss...
3	1	@Erikjust AMEN!
3	2	He plays and sings his ass off - I want to cath this guy live !!!!!
3	4	YOU STUPID . those 80's rolands cold rock ,word !
1	1	This the video of the morning on my channel
3	1	I watched this filmfor the first time on TV 2 days ago and loved it. Such a heart warming story.
4	1	EPICNESS.
1	5	Damn Retard=Ignorance!
5	1	awesome!!!
1	1	no me guste este maricon pero lo que dice la cansion expresa lo mucho que te amo celina
2	2	the nail polishes r made like that purposely, they're like china glaze, they dry with no shine but that comes in handy.
3	2	Way to much high end, but good tune all the same. Good job mate.
2	2	hate mail.i wrote it, do i get a prize :D
2	1	Nice Clip. I just saw an episode at seevstreaming (.) com
2	2	i can walk in 2 in heels but nothing bigger
3	1	@Ebeet0FAN it was like an orgasm.
3	1	@hikenc1975 Thank you. If you have any insight that you think will help others, please feel free to share. We are all learning from each other. Take care. Dane
2	2	Ha! You should see me when we get severe weather. I've got the TV on the local news, radar maps on my computer, emergency alert streaming through my radio. I feel like I'm part of the emergency weather response team or something. My wife always teases me about it. But yeah, it's pretty exciting, except for when they say a tornado is coming your way and you don't have a basement... yeah, then it sucks.
2	1	Sporks. Hehe.
3	1	Good shooting,thx
2	3	WTF is that thing in the picture?!?! And kudos on your mature discussion!
2	1	i wouldent mind knowing the name of that tune that plays in the back ground at the beginning of this part
2	2	Yep; I'm glad you're anticipating it (despite the skip before round 2). There's plenty more to come!
2	2	Are they starting just by alerting to treats, or are you already associating another odor as well?
3	1	Great video and jump. I've got some to post of First, Pavonly, Hutchinson, Akaidyn and Beck doing the same jump. Cool to see!
3	2	EASY TO UNDERSTAND! thanks. right now i am going through med math and drip rates...yada, yada- so i need the simple stuff to be, well, simple. thanks again...
1	4	How does this kind of sewer scum logic get rewarded by positions in academia. Wolfowitz, of Team B, was working at Johns Hopkins Paul H. Nitze School of Advanced International Studies (Nitze, also of Team B).The social sciences are an embarrassment to the word "science".
3	1	thanks for the pinyin!
4	3	piers morgan what a douchebag ian hislop is one of the funniest men in the united kingdom good for him to stand up for him
4	1	Excellent!
3	1	this song brings back memories even tho it came out when i was in the ninth grade lol
3	2	i love him no matter how little dignity he has <3
1	4	the people who made this video are goin to hell
1	4	He sedated me so he wouldn't have to worry about it..
1	2	ooohhh a gap in ines hoop, pardon me i'm off to play the grand piano
2	2	Chimps acting like chimps again, some things never change.
4	1	awesome video SEnses Fail and Hellsing Both are awesome
3	1	And helpful too I hope? LOLThanks and hello from England :-)
1	2	Frame rate is higher in real life, it looks low because we had to lower quality to put on youtube.
2	2	Do you have any idea who she is? It's been driving me crazy
3	2	I like to think that after he finished, he went back to his desk, rolled his d20 and screamed, "YES!! CRITICAL HIT to the administration! And I'm wearing my +1 suit!" before putting on spock ears and pulling out his toy lightsaber.
1	4	If you check his paige all his comments are to younger looking girls...I'm not familiar with you tube but please someone do somenthing about this POS. Like Mr. Charlie Daniells says, the lowest scum on this earth is a child molester
2	2	that was a sharp pin that popped that balloon , lol
4	2	Kick ass Ry Guy! Seems that I have taught you well. :)
3	2	This is beautiful music Merky.
1	3	Whats up wit full episode parodies? I swear the last one was like "Gunslinger Rumble" and this one cold be anytbhing from "Sailer Rumle" to "Cardcapter Tenma"
2	2	nice song only good trey songz i herd actually
4	1	Excellent for the lower back, and abs!
3	1	Very nice analysis.
1	1	@ULshooter AMD Athlon II x4 620 Processor- 2.6 GHz- 2.0 GHz HT (4000 MT/s)- 4x 512 KB L2 Cache Ram is 3gb along with 64 big win7
1	1	zeke's megaman luther is a pokemon and kojo is a space knight tekkaman kojo
2	2	Roma was huge and massive. Always wondered if he competed in bodybuilding in his earlier carreer.....
3	1	Yep, the temple of Solomon is the key to being able to shift between dimensions. According to Islam King Solomon was the only prophet who had special powers given to him by God. These powers meant King Solomon could travel between dimensions, so to reconstruct the temple is a must for the iniquitous nwo.Peace to all mankind!
2	2	That's not what he meant. The comment refers to Daniel Ellsberg's reaction upon obtaining access to the top secret Pentagon Papers that detailed the origin and nature of US involvement in Vietnam since 1945.
2	2	What about a just, lawful state? One which grants equal voting rights and equal protection under the law?
1	2	@yunliuContact 
4	1	Awesome! These are rare tubes and are worth keeping!!
3	1	LMAO at Mr.T part!
2	1	To get this mp3 just go to audioripit doht cohm.
2	2	The FBI has cleared more 147 gr BONDED 9mm loads than any other load, because it penetrates more than 12 inches and less than 18 inches, and the 147 gr actually pedals out better because instead of "exploding" on impact it expands on impact, if anybodys interested i can actually provide an entire webpage on different loads and how they perform compared to other loads and how the 9mm, .40, .45, and .357 sig compare to each other anybody whos interested just message me and i will provide the link
2	2	the words dont even match lmao
2	1	@EssentiallyGiraffe I definitely found that online... and the site usually only sells shirts for 24 hours. I can see if Ebay or Amazon have any. >.<
3	2	go to the doctor - you now have a right to health care! so demand it
2	1	lol
1	3	I am disappointed.I wanted lytton to stop with Carrington,because I was hoping that it had someyhing to do with my condition.I am not a Homosexual.
2	2	yea ur right but foreman before the fight didnt think he could really win cuz of ali's mind games wihc always worked really well
3	1	Harlemndn1, I'm Black and Ndn and I get your point. I'm also in the AISA group at my school and we're screening vids for our film festival. Be cool to get some independent stuff. If you've got more or a longer film, contact me at this name, plus yahoo. Thank you! L.
2	5	This is a brilliant way to show the pathetic service that Virgin Media call webmail - you'd be better sending a letter!They are the WORST ISP EVER!BTW - they only support Windows.Service crap,GUI crap, storage crap (50Mb!) support crap, speed crap and you can't contact them without having to pay for itYou have my sympathy. Spread the word - Virgin Media are CRAP!BTW, I don't think they're owned by Branson anymore.If I could take my email addy with me (had it for 10 years!) I'd leave today.
4	1	chiptacular had the most astute observation. Where is the last long board scene filmed? That was awesome!
1	2	OMG!
3	3	dis version is sick ! better then the original.. fuk soulja boy !
1	4	@red341111 You haven't even finished (maybe haven't even started) puberty yet. You WILL fill out.
1	2	Beautiful.?
3	1	La Terekhova is divine. Even her little steps during the introduction of her variation are right on teh music.
3	1	i love the song its from sonic heros for intendo game cube
3	1	I like this song, alot! :)
2	2	Western Seaboard? Ha! Nice vid, though.
4	1	Oh snap!!!Hahaha,so good! The ending still makes me laugh aloud. In public.I get weird looks.
4	1	Very nice!!!
1	3	oh wow shes a brat
2	2	You seem like a smart guy, but to gain popularity you need to gain speech making skills. I suggest getting a good public speaking book from the library and practicing. Being intelligent is only half the battle, you also need to sound intelligent too.
5	1	Awesome yeeaaaaahhhhhh !!
2	2	>>EagleTalonZCaltrain actually has a big problem with suicides. However, the tracks will be grade-separated and secured over the next 10 years for high-speed rail. This of course means fewer (if any) suicides, no more crossing bells and horns, and smoother traffic. So, does Sunnyvale sound any nicer :-) ?
3	1	love the song and the picturization from Lion King!
4	1	YEAAAAA
3	1	@davisnurse no prob. I can even do the simple stuff. Very impressive for their age
3	3	Why the fuck would they give a fuck about your knee pads? I don't see anything weird about them.
3	3	Kylie Minogue is a billion dollar global cottage industry. She is able to sell out the O2 Arena (20,000 seats) ten nights in a row, and is deep into the iPod era still able to consistently deliver multi-platinum global sales. The foolish and uninformed statements on this forum show how out of touch with reality many people are. Its the music BUSINESS! Kylie can pull global live gate that would make Katy Perry quit music. Kylie has made far more revenue than Britney Spears ever will, FACT.
3	1	Hey Janet, is it safe to use water that's gone through a reverse osmosis filter? Oh and wonderful video by the way. You are one convincing woman! =)
3	1	Love this show ^^
3	1	Thanks, Mike was a good friend and will not beforgotten.Miss you buddyWeedz
1	4	WHY WOOD IRVIN EVER HELP ANY OTHER UP AND COMING FIGHTER AGAIN THE WAY HE HOOKED UP ANGEL AND THE WAY ANGELS FANS TREATED HIM EVEN BEFOR THE FIGHT. IF I EVER GET TO HIT SOME DUDE SO HARD THAT HE DOESNT NO WERE HE IS OR WHAT HAPEND AFTER HE HIT ANGEL IN THE FACE WITH HIS RIGHT HANDED BAT I WOOD NEVER FEL THE NEED TO GIVEM A 2ND CHANCE, ARE U EVEN FOR REAL, WERE U THERE. WHO HAS ANGEL EVEN FOUGHT WITH A REAL RECORD. ANGEL MITE HAV BETR LUCK VS DAVE HUCKABA.. MAYBE
4	1	@TheKeyToBeingAmazing Omg! when is season 2 starting?
4	1	Beautiful spiritual uplifting song.
2	2	can't disagree
2	3	You mean people can sing without autotune? Wow! *cough* This is wonderful.
1	5	1st-i hate people like YOU!
1	1	what size tank
1	1	He came up with the word 'more'?
1	4	You bitch, i'm gonna punch you in the face!
1	3	ya, he obviously is a lazy person. and in violation of the NRC (nuclear regulatory commitie) policy on safe radiation practicies.
4	1	Absolutely fabulous. A former golden no1 from the past. Great stuff and take a bow inmeyard.
1	4	The Cop responds to the woman "No, He's saying you're tresspassing on city property". Well doesn't the cop have the duty to know the law and uphold it? Shouldn't the cop have told the guy who was protesting the Librarian that she was within her CONSTITUTIONAL rights to be there with a sign???????
2	2	pikachu get up hurry it doesnt hurt that bad
2	2	rotflmao get it boi
1	4	acorn sucks
1	1	Filmed Saturday at about 2:45pm near Montrose Ave. from Gargoyle.
2	1	this is the same guy that did the song from el farah, can someone please tell me where i can find that song i have to listen to it!
1	5	YANKEE TWAT!!
1	3	a fucked up car in that game Interstate 82 makes EXACTLY the same sound. Just like the beat "de de dee "
1	2	Why does he have a beard
1	4	The only people allied with McKinney are terrorists and their supporters.
3	2	Loved Marge and Gower Champion, loved his choreography and thankful for Gilvey's book. Harold Channer needs to be replaced!
1	1	Nao acho a Pitty emo, nao sou fa, conheco algumas musicas delas e ate gosto dessa ai em questao. 
4	1	@lovesmakeupxox Aww thankyouu (: Yeaah, i want it !! :D xx
1	4	the 19 people who disliked are too fat for the beds.
3	2	THIS SOUND LIKE DAT ORIGINAL TYPE THREE 6 MAFIA MUSIC THAT I MISS!!!!
3	1	haha LOL mate!
2	3	We are the smallest species on earth- hahahahaSmall, but surprisingly destructive.
1	4	me me me sheesh god needs to get over himself...i dont need to listen to a guy that thinks he knows what he reads if tehre was a god he can come talk to me..im sure he could do that if he can make the universe...
2	4	McSame is just another bushbot running another sleazy show run by the same criminals that brought you BushCo 2004. The good thing is that Obama Camp won't take this crap as did the Kerry team =) The respond Fast!
3	1	Hit #12 pop, #20 AC in the US (Billboard). Got airplay on WLS. Thanx, WWYW for bringin' it back! How'd it do in the UK? God bless!
4	1	Thumbs way up! Looks, sounds, and strobes awesome.
3	1	ah sounds good hoply out soon
2	4	daveeeeeeeee, you crazy fucker.
3	1	danggg way better than my high school!!! very nice =]
2	1	@picmario Hello. How about zinc ? Zinc efectivelly reduces ferrocyanides. It could also work on iron atoms on the mitocondrial citocromes.
1	4	...like u had the song, the video, the lead singer, the concert mogul = Erasure...what? Who was ur marketing pimp?. OMG....pls
4	1	this song kicks ass!!!
2	1	Shown the building of well, nice facilities.
4	1	How in the world did you get there on such low levels? That is awesome man! I am subscribing to your videos God Bless you and may God Bless you all!!
2	1	good flilipino music
1	1	jew
3	1	sturm has good footwork. watch the way he beat jermain taylor in the amateurs
3	1	thats a loooooooong bridge. its amazing he pulled this off.
4	1	wow!!!!!!!! in 2010 its still sounding goood even though i first heard it in 1979 when i was 9 , what a voice.
4	1	So true, no other king, president or ruler would humbly give himself as our Lord - I Love you Lord!
1	1	Febian semakin oke aja ya....
1	3	@MsThunderroad Can you explain to a point where I dont want to kill myself after you make a comment?
3	1	The guitar is so cute... and sounds sweet as well.
1	3	... and if people made a run on banks they would see their money is not actually there and has been partially transferred to the winners of the bet on behalf of the leveraged loser of the bet... regardless if physaical gold is being transferred or being settled in cash, a great deal of wealth is being leveraged off of savers... how do they determine a premium of insurance on hedge against an assett beyond its worth one full time. and especially nonvested parties with no rights to th underlying
1	1	@yourmotherisawhail Netherlands has a queen?
4	1	HEY! Josh is my oncology Docctor! I love him!
4	1	This film is a Masterpiece. 
2	2	what are you talking about you need them back? they're still around... saw them this past saturday.
2	2	Damn, I mad I only heard Deadly medely and stopped. This is hip hopest in one of its truest forms.
2	2	yeah, only a few words (a generic category called racial slurs) should be bannedi posted lyrics to the song on a webforum to protest chat filters
3	2	HAHA if you think thats big, you need to check the long one, we use in our festival
1	2	Exactly.
4	2	WOW! BIG LEMONS!
4	1	Mad Love! This song is in your top 5 fa sho.
3	3	i love my children, they get on my nerves sure, but how can anyone do to hurt a child, ecspeacially to the point of death
3	2	GOD IOU1Awesome video..... Clean. I love the TV's all over and the seats look good too. I'm not a big into luxury prints in a car but good combo all together.
3	1	Epic, and I faved.
3	2	@00ellie00 I am female also and need to lose about 50 lbs. I am nervous about starting Atkins. I've read the book but I am still unsure. You comment makes me want to start ASAP:)
4	1	WAHT iT DEW STiCKMAN, woot! yhew rock this sonq.
2	5	...he said she said...
3	3	God......................................Damn!
2	2	haha cote is nothing like her character...she is such a goofball
1	4	Not even 10. More like a retarded 4 year old with a retarded family.
1	1	es annalay una de las chiki chaka girls yo soy de pinar del rio, lo que me impresiono es que tu sabias que eramos de pinar,tu eres?
1	4	wooo, China also borrowed money to USA to fuel its invasion of Iraq. Should we blame China for the Iraqi invasion? What a joke!
4	1	This is an awesome song :)
5	1	FANTASTIC mmmmmmmmmmm
3	1	Black cat is so adorable!
3	1	Thank you!
1	1	Un gran saludo a La Orquesta Hnos Aviles de Holguin. Los conoci en Portugal el verano del 93. Desde California.Raphael Paz
1	3	I'm so confused about this. Why would the US do this to it's own troops? I'm a United States Citizen. Doesn't the US need its troops? Why would the government make its troops sick? ...Please someone clear this up for me.
4	1	epiccccc
4	1	I love this song. I have to listen to this everyday. when ever I am down or up. God is good all the time and I don't know where I would be without him. Thank you Jesus.
3	1	I cannot be prouder of us!
2	1	thats my uncle : )
2	3	Dumb video. Shakey Camera rules.
2	2	I have a sharp pain shoot when I move my neck. In between my shoulder blades slightly to the right. Any home remedies available? I am in much pain and would love some help!
1	1	isnt facade pronounced fay kayd?
2	2	just a matter of time...
1	2	won't stop unitl i hear your momma scream. Church!!!!
3	2	bahrain construction is of such high quality. the roads are way smoother than american roads. i love bahrain sign/lamposts,boards, very neat!
2	2	Please, please more comments from the grannies. They tell it as it is!!
2	2	Has this been proven? Oddly roniugh I had alot less colds this year...
2	2	@RadiationReservoir Lmao im black, i do that shit too. You dont even notice ur doin it till someone points it out, ahaha.
2	2	Nice, but the problem is if ever i will need to actually give someone CPR, i really dont wana be singing or thinking about "Another one bites the dust" LOL!
3	1	Hey old friend....This is sooo funny!
2	2	Kind of a sedate sax player. Still good, but no skerik.
3	1	Aren't they're something! love them.
2	3	Difficult to believe that Prince "thicker than a whale omelette" George will go on to become stepfather to a talking mouse, and one of the most brilliant diagnosticians in the world.
1	1	The name is at the beginning of each song as it is mixed in.
4	4	holy shit adam!!!!!!!!!!!!!
1	2	Greek 2 year bonds hit 20%, and the ten year is over 11%. The euro and dollar are probably going 1:1 before this mess is over.
3	1	Action comedy! w00t!
3	2	One of the few human treasures left, and one of the even fewer handful of American heroes still alive.
1	1	Yeh khitaab bohut kamal ki hai...sab bhag gaye room se hehe
3	1	One of my favorite Wayne Watson songs. Loyd, you have such an amazing voice.
3	1	I went to prom/afterprom and won $100 :D
2	1	@NaomiXTC once every 3-4 weeks, in the in between time i paint them myself.
3	1	Sweet.
2	1	nice to see them shake hands
2	2	is there an app like this fore writing?I write alot of thoughts down and I don't want people reading them
2	1	Just follow this link and discover how you can make a 100% free? living!lovefreestuff.webs
2	2	@JUSTaSTEPPINGstone i cant tell either
1	1	$650
3	1	This is good !
3	1	dude this was a great show on PBSi rather want to watch NCIS or star trek or wishbone.
1	2	i got it on video there should be no question that the old man and the woman and the hero from the stands are at fault
5	1	Wow...AWESOME.
1	4	How can a God who demands killing be a god of mercy?
4	2	i wasnt keen on david tennant leaving, but when i saw matt smith in the first episode of series 5 tonight, i have fallen in love with him ha. wierd i know but, i suddenly want to watch everything he's been in so im starting here :L:L:L whos in the same possition:L?
3	1	nice...
3	2	MY Disney,.good disney. Disney EVERYONE could Relate to.
2	2	@iggy35 Try making her feel like a queen and she will do anything for you, King.
1	1	whos the tune by ??
2	3	@howardmciii , thats a matter of opinion. So what it was an academy award nominee. The movies he named describe the hood, they represent the inner city, the black community. The acting,directing and motion picture were better in Rebound,that's how it is
1	1	Cliff Edwards!
4	1	I just got this pedal today and it is KICKASS
4	1	Love that color!!!!
4	1	That is an excellent suggestion, I will implement that one as soon as I can.
4	1	Man, just watched this, nice work and awesome shots. Love the music too!
1	3	that guy is nuts goin at it with a wool pad!!
2	2	.... But I never can think of the right thing to say until everybody's gone home...Was reminded of this famous line of dialogue today -- unreal how great Hollywood was when it was. Conservatism even makes better comedies. Ryskind was a conservative and Obama could learn a thing or two from this film...
1	1	Max, Max, Max...
4	1	Excellent! Brooke Smith
2	2	It's always amusing and interesting to see "Fingers". You never know what'll happen next. "Next"....
2	2	@kingbharvey did you let mayweather cum in your mouth?
5	1	This is more than cool!!!! Great animation! Brings literature to life! Truly shows how amazing the human body is.
3	1	Great song! ty for sharing
4	1	Wow... whoever edited this did a great job... and that guy on the piano aint too bad either. :)
3	1	papi jump is hood!!
2	3	Surprisingly enough, the one thing i cant get passed is a Badass raider. He just WILL NOT die.
1	3	@rumblefish1988 too bad they are weak. running is useless if you want to be strong
1	4	i was referring to philo farnsworth, u aching great cock
4	1	this song is amazing.
2	1	I want to sync cubase SX to a Tascam atr 60 8-Track reel to reel. Cubase sends out a smpte code how do you get the tape machine to act as a slave? Do you know?
3	1	You're welcome
1	3	...umm i hate tht voice pllllz change itz annoying..and scary
1	4	adam suck my cock.....
3	1	Thank you.
3	1	Cool song x3 Thanks for the link!
3	2	i believe it's A-DOE annie. haha.
4	1	My Favorite group and educational at the same I'm doing GCSE History! It's not just the fact that Abba are my favourite group that makes me like it, all the information is easy to understand as well! I think all these History revision Vids are going to be very helpful. Thanks!
4	1	cool very cool
2	3	I deal with this every day in the United States. this is a crappy country. China rules.
3	1	picked up just cause 2 and resonance of fate this weekend in the Uk. haven't touched just cause. resonance of fate rocks. :}
2	1	SithLord is correct, treadstone is CIA based, out of Langley VA
1	3	0:02 Was that a soaking wet condom wrapper on the ground?
1	3	Seems like the last few stories like these, like the girl in her dorm getting swastikas on her door, all have turned out to be the person doing it themselves.They set up a camera to catch the anti-semite, and instead found her drawing it, then calling and crying saying someone was going to kill her.
2	2	very well done for a none economics person - informative and not boring - Thx
3	1	8:48 omg the girl on the righttt..
3	1	SING CHRIS!
1	1	where was this video shot?
1	3	Who cares if the Japanese are hunting whiles? I don't know if greenpeace gets government backing at all or not, but I don't want my tax dollars supporting this rogue organization. If so, I'm going to write my senator.
2	2	@swu880 hell there are so many ways of making a stable structure such that it could stand with half its columns, or even a quarter of its support columns, or even lessits all about REDUNDANCY & good design
3	1	awesome.
3	1	beautiful, really "sounds" like absinthe
3	2	What's wrong with the "Audishness"you can get the similar look with less money and better fuel economy. I want this car!
4	1	lol
3	1	Lol i love it .. Go to BestBangz {d 0t] com if you like hotties too ^^
5	1	Thank you sooo much I am glad that you loved it!!! Yeah that was actually what i was hoping people would realize by watching this video and i am really glad you did!! Yay thanks! lol!! Jim is definately everything to Mel no matter what!!! 
3	2	Steve hit #20 in Billboard, 8-22-87. No offense here, but, God bless!
1	4	dude. you can see your buddy's reflection in your sunglasses. don't be a douche and try to BS the world.
2	1	ditto
1	1	i am trying to look for a diffrent kind of halalujha song bsides shrek
2	5	Its good to know that they are populating the earth, more then what it already is. Screw their religion, screw the duggars, and screw any organization that gives them money for spitting out their hatch lings...I hope all 20 of their kids die in a plane accident, now.....THAT would be a hell of a story LOLOL!
3	1	Oh yeah, I can see it when you first spin it. Thx.
2	1	wat a come back
3	1	My favorite scarf is the cheetah print scarf ! it's soo adorable and you can wear it in so many ways ! (:
2	1	So thats what it was supposed to sound like at the jam night? Well done for remembering it, shall have to give it another bash sometime.
2	2	Exactly, this is a song about obsession not romance. The love was one sided.
1	1	buen tuto y buena inspiracion
4	1	maybe my favourite video ever
2	2	2-5-10 USDA announced its dropping NAIS...for the time being anyway...just read that at Farm and Ranch Freedom.
1	1	minh minh ki qua! Hac Cai luong di! LOL!
1	1	maan wer h?rt denn bitte Jan Delay? xD
3	1	I enjoy this
4	1	Awesome vid... I had forgotten all about this... it's great...
2	1	wow norweigen sounds a lot like english
1	4	Sieg Heil From Bristol.Clean Again The Streets of Europe of scum!Heil Third Reich!14/88. Britain!.
1	1	Theres a hole in my bucket, dear lisa,dear lisa, theres a hole in my bucket dear lisa a hole
3	2	this guys also played george washington in the TV series george washington 2 the forging of a nation and movie George Washington. Im disappointed that he's not remembered for that particular role since he really did a fantastic job in it.
1	4	u guys know what i hate u ur using a good stragie than people say "ur a noob" or they say "ur cheating" i just hate that
1	1	es muy bueno y muy sierto la perseverancia es la llave al exito animo
2	1	they should do a Morgan Freeman narration LOL
2	2	holy hell... i better stop bein a bad boy
3	2	I've had mine for 5 months and it works great and has done everything advertised. Don't know why people are complaining about this thing.
3	1	thanks man
2	2	@BrownMatteo i wanted to move to japan for vehicle stuff but now i got a new reason
3	1	hey guys! comment like and sub!
3	1	I hope Spielberg directs the Just Cause movie adaption. Every movie he does is a masterpiece! (Yes i was hired by him to say this)
2	1	Valid point.
1	3	1:28, my God what an annoying voice.
4	1	I really adore this song.
3	2	@Eccles345 Haha =P
3	1	Brought back such wonderful memories from the Lahore of mid 60's
2	1	im better
1	3	shoot the cameraman!
3	2	hey, r u ok? i'm sorry ur confused...BE NICE!!!
2	2	i think i was having trouble getting the sound right, not playing the riff
2	1	who is that lol
4	1	Thanks! x
3	1	A home with true character!
1	2	I don't know about this video. Do you habe any others that can back it up?
4	2	@wlin2w8 AHAHAHHAHAHAH! ;DDD
4	1	She is truly stunning!
2	2	Don't use google! There are other search engines you can go through for the same info. Also there are host sites that will "search" for you. Maintaining your privacy for a small fee.Good Vid Bro!
2	3	the amount of fear mongering over this on the tv lately is rediculous. this is no more fatal then seasonal flu. alot of these fatalities they report are people who died from other causes that just so happend to also have h1n1 at the time.
3	1	very good
2	2	It is referring to the original Air Date
3	4	HaHa! I threw that sht before i walked in the room! His little Chinese eyes burned right in my stomach, deep in my soul. He said something to me in Chinese llike whop som sow sound like Cone cartoon sht. Best movie ever!!! Why black dynamite why!!!
1	1	univision tiene a la gente inyectandole solo noticias bajeras ,pobres vendidos del govierno
1	1	Ayo menk mez voch mekis chenk geradasum mi hat hay eyin uzum toxnel aynel tangaranum bays chen karox ayn anel kani vor mez HAY en asum.
4	1	I love FFF!
4	2	AWSOME SONG why no coments if such a good song
4	1	wow just wow
2	1	I wanted to see that Weakest Link episode..great upload anyway!
2	1	hes good in pes6 though
3	3	rawrawrawrarwrawrawrawr
3	2	VERY NICE. could've added an extra video for a higher guitar on the very last part, but other than that, excellent job.
2	1	the music brings back memories!
3	1	i now got frances ashman and this song woop woop
3	1	Massive rattings to the person upz dis still, tinie tempah smashes IT but i got Afew Of his VIDEOS LEAKED ON MA PAGE NOW, I THINK MORE LADIES WILL LIKE IT TO TELL THE TRUTH BEHIND THE SCENES. Check it. Click ME NOW!!!.
1	1	Uzywalam tych szamponow i odzywek John Frieda do wlosow blond i jestem zadowolona!!!!
3	2	say bye bye Autotune lol...Autotune is still good though...for that electronic style in the vocals...but but this shit is the bomb! too damn realistic forreal
3	1	I remember my housemates and I crowding around my television to watch this; we loved it, it was such a good spin-off.
2	2	Food is food.
2	2	well thats just the shake pulling through the mouthpiece.learn to roll the mouthpiece of your blunts and joints better and you won't have this problem.sometimes i put a few little stems in the mouthpiece to keep any buds from getting through
1	4	No shit it altars weather patterns ` this caused the earthquake in China in 2008 ` the earthquake sure did grab attention away from the brutality in Tibet.
2	1	they need to put this on itunes.
1	3	@GregoryD57 Haha your lack of irony is hilarious mate.
1	2	Im Ancraophobia
3	1	she is wearing a thong...hawt!
2	2	lol wth i just noticed the guy in the background going " ughh ugh ugh ughh"
2	2	he lifts the stone up as if it weighs 10 pounds
3	2	I wonder how many people watch this show. Uh.....hopefuly EVERYBODY!
3	2	The beginning was the best so wishie washie spreeso washy washy!!!!I about died for that
3	2	God be with her during this time of pain. I pray for her and Michael Jackson's family to have strength and find comfort through the memories they will mever loose. God Bless xxxx
4	1	my favorite track from the new CD...it's awesome
3	1	ROFL
3	1	The chord move from the bridge into the new solo just makes my skin crawl. I love it!
2	1	that candy apple red and rosewood is growing on me.
1	1	The boost force direction is opposite the camera moving direction.
1	4	words can't describe how much I hate this song, and how I nearly kill myself singing it in Lego Rock Band
2	1	wait who sings this.........? XD
3	1	Every song he ever sings makes you feel like you are really there and can or have lived in that moment.
2	1	hi sunny. i live on the east coasts long island. i have about ten black wallnut trees on my horse farm and i just went out to pick a bout 100 today and now i need to crack them. last year, i had a harvest of about 1,000,000 and my italian grandmother came up with a new way to crack open the wallnut. what she did was put it in a sock and beat them with a hammer. try this idea and tell us what you think. is it easer than the nut cracker
3	1	Why I love my knight xD
2	3	The film is good but the message is very obvious and biased. It's basic premise is to honor the draft regardless the price or the mission. Long live the republic, but may the empire it has become become may never sustain the agony it's inflicted on the world.
2	2	You should use your knight to search vats and other things that could possibly hurt you because he can take the most punishment.
5	1	Purely Adorable!!!!
3	2	this match was way better than mike mo vs. billy marks
3	2	I still miss Louie Kaboom!
4	1	Vary nice work. Excellent detail, I want one too just a wee bit bigger. I can here myself from DX land cool.
5	1	They need a higher rating system for this one. Absolutely amazing in every way! Quite possibly the most original concept on youtube. Keep up the good work.
1	2	Why shouldn't evey wound hit him?
1	3	WTF im trying to make pancakes not a bomb!
3	3	fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu rrqthmet mu kan qu heh lol, nice work
1	4	wtf is this... proberly the worst shit i have ever herd...
1	3	sorry but pittiful
1	4	I have no idea what "yes, idiot" is supposed to mean. Ditto goes for your "YOU!" comment.As for "cock" meaning both, then it would be equivalent to our "dick", which is generally not bleeped when used to refer to a person.
1	4	Heavily edited with ads......there is like a half hour missing from this movie WTF? What a rip-off!
3	1	@AttitudeEra9701 hell yea i peep dat 2
2	1	You should be able to do this in CompositeLab. We filmed the actor against a greenscreen, then animated him disappearing into the floor. A displacement filter was applied to create the wibbly effect. The full DVD has more info.The easiest way to apply a mask to grading is to use a grade object, which can be found in the 'effects browser'. This can then be masked like any other object.
1	2	eh, blue beam already, china must be a bigger threat than I thought.
4	1	Thank you! This helped me on my excel homework !!!!!! -[A thankful college student]
1	1	What the music to this dance?
3	1	Nice video 5 stars
2	2	How about a Dodgers v.s Giants inning man?
3	2	Noel is now a better singer than Liam, no question about that.His voice has remained strong ever since the 90's.What a man Noel is!
1	5	IRAN delivers TERRORIST ATTACKS through out the world!!!
3	2	Totally agree man. The Knicks (and the whole league, for that matter) need to play with more heart and less B.S. Get the Knicks Complete History on DVD, it's great to go back and watch the old playoff games...so many great memories!
2	2	@alazrenda9 you could hear her voice is kind of raspy when you use your voice to much it gets like that
2	2	werd my friend werd
2	1	I thought I saw a Pussy Cat! I did, I did...
3	1	I'm just...over the moon.
2	3	Tabs PLEASE dude. Thanks lol
2	2	Sometimes?blak12345, Sega always rules. -_-
2	2	funny thing iz his singing isnt really dat bad so i dont undastand why he would use autotune
2	2	Thomas Jefferson - The tree of liberty must be refreshed from time to time with the blood of patriots and tyrants.
3	1	This reminds me of the book "Longitude" by Dava Sobel about the invention of the marine chronometer...great book!
3	3	You are evidently uninformed. These people are trying to create legitimate green business opportunities. They have already succeded in starting a concentrated solar photovoltaic manufactureing division. Plus many other succesful spinoffs of thier endeavors over the last several years. There has been bumps in the road, but if it was easy everyone could do it. What have you done lately to reduce the worlds carbon footprint? Please be slow to criticise untill you have all the facts.
2	1	The music start at 4:19 Nice Song If You From South Central
2	1	They used Shawn's real name, Shoot Sketch!
2	2	Yeah. Terrible driving happens to everyone that has Mario Kart. (When they first play it.)
3	1	WHATS THE SONG @ 1:00 @??????????
3	1	Love eva!!! Does she say parker in an english accent at 2:10? lol
2	2	,,ah right,he,s a chef /
1	1	bonek - aksi barbar, sebuah kemuduran peradaban
1	1	@jaguarfast1 he sings "theres gotta be more" at the bridge
2	2	Dont you ever wonder how Lil John gets his voice like that? O_e It scares me sometimes!
4	1	Nice Video.
2	2	I belong to a secret group which is connected to the Catholic Church. It's called, "The Knights of Columbus."
3	2	You are so sexy! And I like how honest you are, " not like the one you have at the restaurant but it's pretty good enough." Wont cheat. Marry me and cook for my fat ass!
1	2	crazy
3	3	The farts starting at about 1:57 sound like whales farting under water. I'm laughing so hard I'm starting to snort like a pig!
4	1	Your videos are charming! I'm completely in love with your show! Thanks for taking the time to share :)
1	2	Go online till sunday morning then go too sleep
4	2	But what if u DO like it? i think this song, or at least the way u sing it is wonderful and beautiful and awesome lol
3	1	great song, great video. thank you!
2	2	Are the speakers weak? How is the music player?
3	2	i know its a movie..but man would it be hard to make those shots on a horse..still awesome though.
3	1	Good times role!
3	1	I'm not a businessman, I'm a business, man
3	3	STOP YOUTUBE!!! For your information, Youtube is getting rid of all Anime videos.Every night at 10:00p.m. they have a maintenence that deletes any videos that are Anime...To stop Youtube from doing this, You need to get enough people to Protest...To do this, please help by Copying? and Pasting this message to all of the Anime Videos from being deleted. STOP YOUTUBE !!
1	1	otro receta que bueno, gracias Sr Max por la receta de pan de jamon, la bote de homerun en la fiesta no quedo nada :)
4	1	XD awesome
1	3	0:24 Birnes: "You guys want evidence? Melanie will show you the evidence." Sounds very convincing but as always, their claims and emotionally-charged language come to nothing. This is is *no way* evidence that aliens are visiting our planet. Is it unusual? Of course. But we've all seen unusual things and they're hardly proof of anything so outlandish as alien/human crossbreeding. Hate these guys.
3	1	Great just the way I teach
1	4	then you do it dipshit the album came out yesterday. stopp bitchinnyoo
3	3	I think the Ridgeline is fantastic, but the one thing it has always lacked is a more powerful V8. I mean, 250bhp...come on.
1	2	There not actually bakc together are they ? i thought it was just a few one off re-union shows ?
3	3	harmans FACE wen prem sed it was a joke!! LOL!!!!! it was lyk, "WOT?!" lool!!
3	1	Thanks for the compliment! :D I used Windows Movie Maker
1	5	baaaaaaaaaaaaaaad
2	2	hey im really not hip to the theory scene. but what is that main key change or mode change? Thanks
2	1	I agree!
2	1	me too
2	2	DBZ is the only series that can have a bunch of games with the same story in every sequel lol
1	1	para sonear con barroso habia que estar loco.barroso sonero mayor por siempre!!!
2	2	Ayy it' the 'chav' from misfits ;)
2	2	Check out my box chevy
3	2	Thanks for making this. It's not the most wonderful place, but its my home and i love it!
1	1	lapizita
2	3	And, oddly enough, it had nothing to do with the fact that she has a nasally voice or even that one of two guys ate a shrew and then sifted through poo to look at what came back.Too bad I didn't have an ahkshuwaytor.
2	2	haha go steve maz n zoe bby!!!! n zoe says she gets stage fright i looks it!!! steve coulda put bit more effort in tae it!
2	1	he's kinda cute...not gonna lie
2	1	@TacticalAce89 fraps? yea
1	2	GOD i cant wait 17 days till BCT then i go to Sill for AIT.
3	2	Damn. Kim rocks.
3	3	@RedDevil2oo9 naaa , hes took a step up , he scored 33 goals in 35 macthes for madrid , Man u will never reach the prestige of real madrid ! , however i hope man u beat chelsea this season !!!! Hala madrid
1	2	i still dont understand, is there an adhesive or does it slide into a crack to keep it up?
2	1	love it so does katy and madge
3	1	I didnt know the guy with the crotch gun did the effects! He was awsome in the film hate he turned though! Lost Boys Corey.H and Corey.F cant go wrong! Truth, Justice,and The American Way!!
2	2	They should have never parted
3	3	I can watch this over and over. GIRALDO is such a legend. Leary is a whiny little bitch.
1	1	got lockers?...
1	4	They should of had their home nult like fort Knox due To the type of pej they do assholes hope they burn in hell nice n a slow
3	1	thanks for the upload :)
1	1	watch?v=gEG8bBqUFRU
2	2	The end of this where Rini is running to Neo Queen Serenity and she hugs her and Rini is crying... it ALWAYS makes me cry!!!! In Japanese, she's not as happy to see Rini =/
2	1	@savage44ever 
3	1	Thanks for posting this fun video. Loved it. The music is Stan Kenton's "Harlem Folk Dance." Ted Herbert, the hilariously prissy, bumbling "professor," is no doubt the look-alike brother of comedian Hugh Herbert, who made dozens of films in the 30's and 40's, and who played a similar simpering, giggling character.
2	3	I feel like such a moron trying to reload this, it keeps freezing. Lol, terri sent this to me. -with no warning. 0.o
3	1	love this song
1	2	One of the reasons this injury takes months to heal is because you use your pec minor constantly. When you raise your hand you are using your pec minor. Go to shake someones hand? Using the minor again. You basically can't avoid using it, but you have to stetch it out well (have a PT do it, don't trust yourself) and strengthen it (also with a PT),
2	2	Our govenment should stop policing the word, instead, the should take care ist citizens healthy the way americai is to be.
2	1	Appreciate your review. I'm looking into barefoot myself and your rundown of features and explanation of sizes helps. Thanks.
3	1	Nice song. Does anyone have a good bass cover fir this song???Post it please.
2	2	Aaah, I see. I was beginning to wonder if the scene was from the 5th movie. I thought it was supposed to be from the 6th. Incidentally, when the 5th movie came out is when I started losing interest in Harry Potter. XD;
3	1	This is a very good film, I found it for free here: viewfilmsfree (.) com
1	2	Shes a bad lip singer o.o
1	5	actually he was drunk and i surprised him dumb fuck. i dont even WEIGH 200 pounds so why dont you go get a fucking life instead of talking shit about things you have no fucking clue about.
4	1	lmao i love..."a pair of scissors...with your parents permission!" hahahah so funny! This is a cool video! I love those fortune tellers!
3	1	Godbless Vic
1	1	the body of the vulture is a bong
1	4	The proof is in your misleading video at 7:07.First, you attack other lock companies, then you attack the companies that test them, and now you're attacking the people who you're trying to mislead? Yeah, those business ethics are gonna get you far.
4	1	you have a great figure! luckky youu
3	2	my bathtub has the jets and i NEVER use it when im in the tub because its so powerful, one time me and my little cousin were playing around, and we poured the WHOLE bottle of bubble bath in, and tunred the jets on, and the Whole ENTIRE bathroom was filled with bubbles!! FUN TIMES!!
1	4	Maybe if English was your first language you won't have taken my verbal beating so badly. I'm glad you heeded my advice and pissed off, as we both know where this would have ended.May I ask, do you have a job? It's just I'm trying to imagine who has the time to argue at the hours you do, and I just get 2 answers, which is that you're either a student or unemployed, or maybe even work part-time, either way something tells me the anger you show is at yourself for not achieving much at life?
3	3	-cries-this is such a shame ):child abuse is horrible.i hope you are ok now,all your poems are great :)
3	1	thaks maha great stuff
2	2	@stevieray09 Yep uless a cop is a hard ass but its totally street legal i cut the crap out of mine and my tires stick out so frickin far no cares... and plus i talked to state patrol and they also said it was totally cool
2	2	Sometimes people do not feel sympathy.....Some just have a curious interest about killers- I do because I like to learn about the human being and the animal that is in us all...yet most of us believe could never be unleashed-yet can-
2	1	I like the imagery in the background during the interview - really projects the feeling of passion and freedom with your art
2	2	@jorgeplascencia08 i feel skeptical but Im also the kind where Im desperate Im about to try anything...I will say a prayer for you that things will get better!
3	1	This is #2 on the list of their best songs number 1 being Almost Lover<33
1	2	you had better watch that boy shit...
1	2	Boob sweat at 0:29 /:
2	2	@beatlefied70 Nah, he said it was because he was "exhausted" when he gets through with the show and doesn't want to be bothered. He says people are always coming up to him after the show and he just wants to be left alone. I can see where he's coming from
1	5	pittsburgh needs to be blown up. they let these mother fuckers do whatever they want. i can NOT stand these pussies. stanley cups or not the penguins are fucking gay.
4	1	lol i love this guy man"THIS ONE RIGHT HERE GOT SERVED TO SOME PLAYERS, THEY WAS PLAYIN BUT THEY ALSO GOT PLAYED""THEY LOVE IT FOR $20 DALLAZ...ALL THE TYM, ALL THE TYM"LMAOOOOOOOO
3	2	great vid...the only thing is that it had too many reggie bush
2	1	first comment :D
2	2	@NOLINKNEWS k thanks just couldnt make it out
2	2	long time no see....omg im old.
2	2	i am really close to buying this but there is one thing that im not sure about that nobody will give me a straight answer for : CAN ........ IT.........PAUSE......yaknow like make part of a video then continue in another room or is that somthing you have to edit in or is that somthing you cant do at all???
2	1	more videos
2	2	And your arm was being squeezed against your own face. It's called a pillow choke. And obviously it was a strategic way to tap someone out quickly. It worked now didn't it? Ahhhh.... can't wait for the show. Good luck taking that title.
1	2	1:30 - theirs a Wizard that follows you, 
1	1	@DAVIZAO12 HELLZ NA
1	3	@MisterQuebec yeah yeah STFU
1	1	face meeda wrinkles kanapadutunnai... dialogues e konchem athi ga vunnai.
1	3	Did ketamine make you wear that terrible coat and bandana combination?
3	1	this is the 4th time ive gone through ur fatal frame series, thnk u snake for bein awesome!
3	1	awesome. I've got to get this someday.
4	1	Aaah!!! <3 My two favorite. SNSD + Lena Fujii :)
2	1	thanks man yeah I like the way it looks in the dark it kinda trips me out when I stare at it when I am drunk lol
3	2	this is the best song. its sad and beatuiful and i play it in my head over and over again. it reminds me of me dead aunt. I miss u so much
1	2	moves to much like a walker
3	1	mate thats awesome!!al
3	2	good job on the video man.R.I.P Sean Taylor #1,26,36,21we love you & miss you..
2	1	We have allsorts of tricks up our sleeves her at S-CAT.
3	1	great job tom! i liked your lighting work especially. [the blinds were a nice touch too.]-tyler
2	1	Can't decide which is funnier, Fred or Hank...
1	2	Why is my post repeatedly removed?Five times it is posted then removed.whats up with YT?
1	2	As a Christian, it is mind-boggling to me that Jews can't enter Joseph's Tomb. Though Israel regularly hurts herself by her concessions & appeasement, I am surprised that she has not protected this site for Christians (since we consider Joseph to be a "type" of Christ).
2	2	i didn't expect the cheapo speakerset, i was thinking of audiophile 2.0 speakersets from M-audio or whatever. oh right, u still need a screen + keyboard.And why such a high end PSU? when it only has 1 gfx card, and a few harddrives.i'd say an 850w modelwould be more thn enough for this, but it's always nice to have extra power when it's time to upgrade
3	1	man y is this so beeeppiinnng good
3	1	this hot spiff real talk much luv to everybody in the video
2	2	City dweller here. Never been on a farm. Thanks for a glimpse into your world. Seems more rewarding and more fulfilling than my own world of concrete.
2	1	@marsh1998 Was it a 1973 model? This one is a real hot rod.
4	1	WOW
3	1	@marius10may genius
3	3	That thing is sick!
3	1	Alright Stop!.........Pajama Time!
3	1	...OMG lol its weird I was watching this saw babz then sylv... I was like did I read it wrong lmao.
2	3	oh please James as Fred can't be the same person as the dangerousand handsome Johnny Madrid on Lancer. I know it is and an actor has to start somewhere but I can't hardly bear to watch James as anyone but a cowboy. Yes I am prejuidce. These old sitcoms were awful and I am old enough to remember them
2	1	wolverine 0:26
3	1	coool! should have pup the strings farher out so we can see it better!
5	1	totally amazing song! soo meaningful, it makes people reflect on things that has happened to them! a nice melody! i love it!
5	1	So CUTE!!!
2	2	i am up
1	3	you have penguin storm,so? I have it too and when u be rockhopper,no one else sees it!
1	1	es el mejor sketch que hubo en hazme reir.
5	1	Hillarious!!!!
2	2	Great video. I already know how to make a brochure and everything, but I was hoping someone could tell me why my print preview cuts off at about 1/2" before the right edge of the paper. I've checked the margins and even set them on zero. I've also made sure the grid guides (imaginary blue dotted line) are at the very edge of the paper. No matter what I do, my problem doesn't go away. And I definitly know it's not my printer because like I said, this error also shows up on the preview.
2	2	It looks like something is peeking around the door om the right at :53 and if you pause it at :54 you can see it even better.. it looks like black curly hair.. then right when ur leaving the room look on the floor to the left at 1:34 in the exact same spot where the black curly thing was.. there is a see-thru anomaly
1	5	You are a pathetic Loser! If you going to spread crap take some lessons from the decease Nazi Propaganda Minister Joesph Goebbels!! Yep your fat pig Dear Leader Kim allowed 2 million of his own citizens to die from starvation. I hope you are proud of this.....
2	2	This was a pretty good documentary, but there were some things they didn't explain. How do the skewers land? How do they take off in the first place? How can the gyrosprinters mate with their back legs fused together like that? What exactly are those jet-darter things? What caused the oceans to evaporate? How do the grovebacks bury themselves? I was kind of looking forward to them eventually explaining these things.
1	3	GUST GO TO HELL THAT IS NOT A JOKE IS IT ??
3	2	wtfff! kimmm that was supposed to be personal!
4	1	Angel, thank you so much for taking time to stop by and listen, I really appreciate it, my friend :)Tom
4	2	the tension in this scene in the flat is unbelievable....they are such good actors to create such an amazing atmosphere because even though what they are doing is wrong, you find yourself seeing their point of view and supporting their relationship, where as in reality, you wouldn't...well I wouldn't. Incredible Streep and Niro!!!
2	1	ahhh the starship i was bravo 787th what class was this mine was january - june 09
1	3	What really stinks is this Wheat Thins commercial.
2	1	I have tried and saying "grapefruit" twice also works.
1	4	Ok so name me one scientist who does not agree or who has disagreed through "peer review" who you do not consider an idiot. Obviously peer review in this field is worthless. We need more than "it's likely." From what I have seen the whole group of AGW scientist should be thrown out.
1	3	Okay I never comment on this show but Alan Colmes, come on no need to invite this guy to your show, he is the Media equivalent of Tom Daschle, he sucks
4	1	I love you
3	1	Just a fantastic performance. I saw him in the late 80s but missed Belew and got Earl Slick instead.
4	1	This is such a Great song! love it!
4	1	sickkkkkkkkkkkk
4	1	awesome!
3	1	dude u rock i had to just fly up there
3	1	Wow how did this not show up??Very nice job!! I want to see this episode.
1	3	@suensmith ......this is why kenya will never develop
3	1	you got my vote!
2	2	This song brings back memories of 2005 and isn't Jim Carrey in the music vid? My memory ain't that good on this song
1	4	@IGBJKLHOIGI The real god? Then why does that read "There's no other god than allah"? Shouldn't it read there's no other 'alah' than 'alah'? Hmm?? BTW, 'alah' in paleo hebrew (such as the inscription in the film) means CURSE. Go figure.
1	2	all this needs is yngwie malmsteen.
2	2	I'm guessing the golden minigun is a skin?
1	4	this is...so...bad...
1	4	Oh man, this really sucks now. I got jock itch(ring worm-tinea Jacque itchicus) from these scabies. No worries though. I'm treating it with tough actin' tinactin. DAMD THES SCABIES!
1	2	is nich death by house...stranger to.....
1	1	podrian poner la informacion en espa?ol porfavor?
1	5	Develope all the state not just BLOODY ABUJA IF NOT U ARE A JOKE TO THE WORLD.
2	1	cool
2	2	man i am very sorry for that man 07:46 and all of the people who lived war
1	3	!!!!!!
1	2	It was a 'Major' political catastrophe, oh the puns that were never meant.
2	2	I remember pickin' up these guys in 1983 in florida in my pick- up...they were broke, and that fishman guy was barefoot.....i gave 'em a dollar and they went into the corner store and bought themselves a big bottle of pal's orange soda....never saw 'em again.
1	1	jajajajaa la cara de patito cuando ve a la abu,,, y despues cuando la abraza jajajajaja
3	1	sharat chandra varma, you are great. thanks for writing beautiful songs. I listen your dad's songs everyday.
4	1	i <3 katy! california gurls... i am 1!
3	1	Brilliant medieval tech support ? totally hysterical...Karnt stopp ghiggling, and have to view it multiple times.
2	2	why cant todays music be like this??
3	1	Great song, thanks for reminding me
2	1	@governmentuser85 haha.
1	3	@48jarmell the illuminati is dead.
1	3	Yet Obama panders to these people.....oh the irony
4	1	Really Good Song :)
2	2	aaseriously guys there must be some nice men out there i am so lonely
4	1	jamming to this song ryte now!!! love from colorado!!
2	3	what?Tip: Us punctuation and people might be able to read your commentNo offense
1	1	What is that movie called?
1	4	wat a load of wank..world turned upside down is an old workers song about the diggers...twats
1	1	Grata sorpresa ver a Wilkins cantando ?sta canci?n. Yo no hab?a sabido nada de ?l desde hace tiempo. Se convirti? al cristianismo? Siempre conserva una bella voz.
3	2	the squeeze machiene is kind of like meditating :) I want to go to Colorado State University to become a student of Dr. Grandin's. She is brilliant and I too am interested in the humane treatement of animals; but also people. I'm against Monsanto's GMO corn and hormones and antibiotics that are directly affecting people who work with the animals. I think all animals are entitled to sunlight (which most chickens do not get that privalege). I also think small farms are better than mass production
3	3	i feel really bad :'(i wish i could help... i will still try to look for him all over Toronto...
1	2	hard to tell who publishs the book. You should let us know those things when you review so we can chase down those issues more easily.
1	4	Is that idiot one of TJ's burger-munching chums? I hate these publicity stunts! What an obnoxious turd! And he has that lying bearded moron at the beginning!
2	1	uno mas and I am complete :D
3	1	Thank you so much for posting this!
3	2	that was the best guy scream the i have seen in a while! XD
3	1	Ireland at it's best !!!
1	2	It won't let me comment a link, so i'll PM you. ^ ^ :;sorry.
2	2	I know, right?
3	1	I am not a Bangladeshi but I love her songs. Not only her voice but also the videos....
2	1	Cool Video...What's the name of the song playing?
2	1	Ready to night party and meet naughty women **mworld5.info**
3	2	LMFAO, i miss that old trent, now trent is just old, lol, but hes still god
4	1	amazing!
1	2	Hmmm more like a movie trailer
3	2	This is beautiful!! Please, unsolicited Indian telemarketers, please, watch this video and practice it!Just a suggestion, it'd be awesome if you had Subtitles for each word you said... you can make them using "YouTube Annotations"
5	1	yes yes yes yes THANK UUUUUUUUU now ill get my 360 i play my fatass online with my frined THNK UU SSSSOOOOO MUCH DAME TEACHER DIDNT TOLD US HOW TO DO IT
3	1	VERY WELL SAID!! Pero sana TAGALOG yung usapan para siguradong maintindihan ng masa. :D
2	2	Please write "I love you" in Navajo! I can almost figure out which word is which in the sentence but it's hard without seeing it written.
2	2	YOU USED FLANDRES THEME! i still cant get to her extra stage D; also good lineart XD
1	4	wow are you shiting i want my 4 sec back
4	1	such a simple song...but so mesmerizing. :)
4	1	this song is so cute <3 =)
2	2	Great as always, but personally i like it when you commentate the replays of the game not the first person cause you can focus more on the battles and the other players and less on button spamming.
2	3	hi asenath1954- its between market place and jennings brewery.
1	1	is this a dado machine?
2	2	Greetings from the caves of war. My name is Sgt George LucasI am an American soldier, serving in the military with the army's 3rd infantry division based in Iraq/ Baghdad. With a very desperate need for assistance, please contact me as soon as possible with my private email address which is my only way of communication email: (sgtgeorgeluc101@aol.com) Thanks and God bless us all. Sgt George Lucas (sgtgeorgeluc101@aol.com)
3	1	you make very lovely babies :) bless them
1	1	@wowvicio S? pode ser gordo
2	2	ok i just copied it all off the website and im building my first pc but im trying to get some top of the line stuff thats not like crazy expensive, but now i have the cpu off my dads old computer i just need a case and mobo, which i know the case i just need a mobo
3	3	For anyone considering cataract surgery...don't watch this video! I'm sorry that I did. It caused unnecessary anxiety. I had this surgery two days ago. Before the surgery I was given drops to numb the eye. The sedative they give you in the operating room put me out immediately. I was not awake during the procedure. . I had very little pain afterward. A Tylenol took care of it. And the difference in eyesight is phenomenal.
1	1	72 hours.
2	2	@Tsuruta1 I would hardly call america's colleges and universities' view of history "mainstream," particularly because the views are not unanimous. What is true, however, is the uni system has accountability because faculty risk their career by spreading
1	2	Is this a sound stage dressed as a bar ? WTF ?
1	1	Kostenlosen Mail Bomber hier bei mir zum Download.
3	1	shes holding her hand but awesome 5 stars from me
3	1	the snow is so beautiful
1	4	bullshit
3	1	AH, I see you've already seen the Moo-norail. It turned out well. Though the best are yet to come!
3	1	Very nice!
5	1	one of the best actors ever!!!!!!!!!!!
2	2	Is this game more accurate on the Xbox 360 than the PS3?
4	1	Everytime I look Madhubala is more beautiful than ever, the beauty takes ones breath away! this is God given, they dont make them like this anymore
2	1	Doc,
3	2	Totally RAD BETCH. Linux is the best.
3	1	Thank you so much for posting this.
2	2	I wish we had a nellyville.
1	1	Try Latino brides in your area ** sarafox.info **
1	1	De lo que me pierdo, papasote!!! no te eh olvidado israel sigues siendo mi amor platonico.
2	1	its designed after a benneli m3
2	1	Question, is it all right to use beef stock instead of water?
3	1	Wow. Amazing video. I'm starting nursing school soon and hope to be a flight nurse one day.
3	3	Oh God...*overwhelmed*
5	1	P!NK... Amazing... You are Fuckin Perfect.. I have listened to this song all night Thank you for all you do. Never stop :)
2	3	Reminds me of those "abducted by aliens" testimonies ... no-one will believe the poor rhino. "Seriously, there's a big chunk of my ear missing, and I had bruises all over..."
3	3	my brother died and were very close i cryed for a long time and i still havnt got over it he was one of my best friend
1	1	is that rickey gervais?
4	2	FUCK!That Was Epic!
1	2	They totally had the iPad 10,000.2 back in those days, =p(psst, this is Anwyn btw, =D)
2	1	Those trails look like fun
2	2	Don't forget to Enable 'Simple File Sharing' again. And make sure you try this on a Test File or Folder first, or you may accidentally lock yourself out of your important File or Folder.
2	1	@BoX098 lol mine too!
1	2	im doing this in september. how many press ups are you suppose to do, im rubbish at them :(
3	2	Wow....the gols can two shot a pylon, but can't beat those carriers?But then again, the dragoons were WAY OP'd against the bunker, and the Gols were WAAY more OP'd against goons and the Carriers were just OP'd in general.Awesome video x}
3	3	Dick Butkus is one of the toughest mother fuckers ever. If you don't believe me take it up with him.
2	2	I mean Chew chew!!
2	1	great video u should join my program and checkout my channel
1	2	results of demerit1. a mark against a person for misconduct or deficiency: If you receive four demerits during a term, you will be expelled from school. 2. the quality of being censurable or punishable; fault; culpability.
1	4	If We dont do something about these freeks than we are stupid!!!!!!!!!!
3	1	Gibbs smirks as though he's seen it all before. cute I love TIVA!
4	2	ah man you saw the tour!?!?!?! lucky duck i wish i could have seen it
3	1	awesome . i hope sony listen to u
1	1	Right lane was a heads/cam LS1 with a 150 shot
3	1	this song is cool
4	1	niiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiice
4	1	LOL!!! Bing!
3	1	Awww... I went to Australia back in 2005 with a program.. A group of probably between 30 and forty high school age kids... and over the course of the trip, this was deemed as our group song! Nostalgic memories! What a wonderful song and group.
2	2	@mobbvillan1 108.5 ft lbs of torque is listed in the service manual. And your torquing the nut, not the actual clutch assembly. I've heard people say 6th gear and I've also heard 1st gear. I personally used 1st gear but when I do it again I'll try 6th.
4	1	Wonderful!!
1	3	Kane lost his mask in the late 90's and early 00's, definetely not in 07 so something is messed up there. Really poor quailty.
2	1	Save the Constitution - Ron Paul for President 08
2	3	looks like he was about to vomit when he said "King deserves to be honored" must be hard to lie so much, he is following along in Bush's footsteps quite well.
2	2	only 2 comments? people miss the best music.
2	2	The detective guy reminds me of that black guy whos in Street Kings..The one who stashed the money in his wall.
2	2	thats fair play but this is a last promise song this one :P
3	1	@Mr305aka BINGO!
3	1	i love the sound of whiskey sloshing in a glass container in the beginning
3	2	11:15 = "while you're down there..." LOL
2	2	I have no doubt that the feds will file suit if Proposition 19 passes, said Dale Gieringer, California director for the pro-legalization National Organization for Reform of Marijuana Laws.Yes On Prop. 19
2	2	Even tho am no with shelly.. lol
1	3	called sarcasm look it up
2	1	does any one know where i can find season 2 episode naked babes. thanks
3	1	What a life story!
1	3	Qiu Yike has some nasty blocks
1	3	Scotty is an annoying putz.
2	2	i talkd to you on whitestripeslvr1 about the fraud
1	4	There not fkin sniper lobbies u no people can snipe fkin hell so u disliked it
2	1	Does anyone know? the name? of the piece of music used in the intro?
4	1	very cool!
4	1	wooohhhh come on the 80,s :)
2	1	@OctalLord Means he's testing things
3	2	How does Arn Anderson not make this list? 
1	5	This speaker really wants to sound like Obama. "Ah, Ah, Ah, Ah, Ah. fucking retard cant talk.
2	2	@dunno199 He just means a bundle of burning sticks.
3	1	@xRabiedRoosteRx lol...me too :P
4	1	@meshowcauseme3
1	2	i'm literally crying right now.
2	2	i could do that in my sleep
4	1	team garcia!!!
1	1	eshghe mane hameeeeeeeeed
1	4	Is his brain like a one track mind on repeat?He keeps saying "Oh! I'm leaving bye!"*six months pass*"I'm leaving again people are sick!"Seriously....../Facepalm
4	1	I love this song:)Play all the time on my Ipod
5	1	OH MY GOD ! That , If you don't mind me say ...was actually beautiful :')
3	1	I have my first lesson today. This is very helpful!
4	1	i hope shes doing okaii <--- cutest thing ever!
2	2	He might see it. I'll post it on my wall.
2	2	Try making the program from scratch so we can follow along, add some annotations or commentary explaining what you are doing.
3	2	Surprisingly good song! Even though I can't understand the lyrics, it has a catchy feel, and the music is pretty sharp for the time period. =^[.]^=
1	3	army prints on a girl = lesbain
3	2	can you pleaseee make a quick tutorial of this song please? or at least show a top view of the keys and play it slow please? thanks i would really appreciate it
4	2	Neil is awesome, very talented! He has his bad ideas, but mostly rocks!!!
1	3	The high notes are off and the harmonies are all over the place! :s
2	1	nudity on youtube lol
2	2	Exactly, it's like a game of hot potato.
5	1	i love this! those 2 r amazing! this was my first "yaoi" viewing! i was 9 when i saw this!
1	2	@youngbuck189 Wait, say what?
2	2	5:58 was crazy!
1	2	Some people are just cold hearted.
2	2	how do ya get the hack ??? i clicked on the link but i dont get wat u have 2 do after that can u help pleeeez!!!
1	2	why the hell doesnt rockstar make updates anymore...
3	3	Vince and Pete so attractive. Ande Gomez is such a terrific slimeball.
4	1	Your the best Dr. Duke thank's so much, God Bless you.
3	2	The old megadrive games are the best. Personally, I am complete and utter *insert obscenity here* at the recent 3D games... :P
2	2	and my dad moved out after christmas of 09.....
2	2	is there a way to change a pickgaurd to another one that has less screws than the one before without it looking weird??(I mean that it also covers less space than the one before.)
4	2	lol thsi video is so great!!! love the couple and great song!!!kinda lightens the resident evil mood!! hahaha
1	2	whats up with fire cape and rune kite?
5	1	I AM KING
2	2	Go do stairs and ledges if ya can't do those than just quit skating
3	1	was it ham with pineapple? That's my favoriteAlso first place on this song is very impressive.
4	2	:DD yaay! it rocks! awesome job, i just heard of this band, theyre not bad.
2	1	i agree too
1	1	whats the sellers name on ebay
2	2	I cant see some of the words under "excerpt from the instrument" but other than that 5/5
2	1	@Wahofann yea but black ops is going to be better :)
3	2	I like the lecture/essay style of your videos. It's very interesting, and a lot better for serious stuff then pretending to be RWJ and jumpcutting every 4 words (Which is fine for comedy I think)My opinion
3	1	What a powerful video with powerful points. I can't wait to check out Walid Shoebat's new book!Ted
3	1	COOL mask! See the new movable masks that move with the movement of your own face! Click on the Brow Raisers link (left) to see more :-)
2	1	@iliketodothat rofl. XD
2	2	I dc a lot during boss battles, specially ceo. Think: What would happen if you disconnect when the ceo is blinking red? It takes over an hour usually to get him there. ; A ; I get ticked off at my computer a lot...... Windows 7 is pretty suckish when it comes to toontown reliability....
3	1	I love your videos, they are so informative thank you for sharing your beauty tips. Can you do a tutorial on how you do your eyebrows?
1	1	is that the Geico caveman on guitar?
3	1	I like The Tempest and Different on In Silico and Set Me On Fire and The Fountain on Immersion... thats it... HYC is and will always be their best.
2	2	please, anything, don't take away my salad! i can have all the mixed greens i want? stop, i'm getting a chubby!
3	1	dude i think thats the best one yet jk lmao
1	2	@rafikcc Revelation 8:9 " and a third of the creatures that are in the sea which have souls died, and a third of the boats were wrecked".
3	1	@da324 Use cedar on the bottom too. Cedar on cedar works great especially western red cedar.
2	1	jojojolan-please post more info. do you need contents of specific cell? Do you need to pass that to a separate form? 
2	1	hey charles and alli, ive been on youtube a lot recently and ive been looking for things like ur show and when i finally started whatching i cant stop, anyways i have a question for Alli. Ur going to spain soon and i think u should do what u guys did in the south of the border trip and find a wall with a bunch of other stuff and write something like CTFxC FTW or whatever and see how many people would send u pics(besides im going to spain next year and i think it would be awesome to see that)
1	4	why are pervs so ugly?
2	1	@123wedo321 me 2 lol
4	1	Wonderful!
3	1	Who are the members of the band? Anyone know? Anyone? Please post info if you know. Great stuff, Hoagy was the best!
4	1	I've never played a Megaman game in my life, yet I *still* love this. Excellent!
2	2	We've got a little "To Kill a Mockingbird" voyeurism going on in this episode!
3	1	turn tape lol i love technology
3	1	sht i aint heard this s0ng ina hella l0ng ass tyme d0e!
1	3	This is ridiculous. Just turn off the game for half an hour.
1	3	omg!! that man talks sooo slow, i understand he may have difficulty with the language perhaps but he is discussing English literature so i doubt it. its like spit it out man!!
2	1	shout out cc..
1	2	where is the engsub
2	1	25 years later and I still crack up!
4	1	best movie ever made! the Godfather of Bollywood. All star cast, Raza Murad, Amjad Khan. Incredible!!!!
1	1	*fingerpicking
1	5	1% of teens would cry if they saw Soulja Boy at the top of a skyscraper about to jump. Copy and paste this EVERYWHERE if you are in the 99% that would bring popcorn and shout "Jump nigger!"
4	1	Some awesome shots there dude. Bravo.
2	1	my school is doing this tonight!
2	1	I have to say, that was actually quite good. I liked it.
3	1	i love ur hair :)
2	1	da ast song iz frm dj hero ilyk dat fix up ahaha letz go
1	4	BP wants everyone to think they care about the ocean and the wildlife and US...but we all know what they REALLY care about $ Greedy assholes. Dont listen to these fake commercials with their sappy music. DONT BELIEVE IT!!
2	1	do you guys live in pennsylvania cuz i know a kid who looks completely identical(not exagerating at all) to the kid on the red chair with the yellow chat and his brother looks a little like the red head kid, also, i know ive seen the black hair dude (with the blue chat) somewhere. I think they yellow chat dudes friend live across from my friends house and i got to the same karate school as theyellow chat and red head dude (if they are the same thing)
2	1	This is Kate's favorite outfit.
2	2	I don't have a lace scarf, but it's got holes on the edge (to put ribbon in when I'm done blocking) and the rest is just garter stitch. But I don't know if I should block with a wire like this, or do it a different way...
2	4	435 are set for life while the rest of America won't get diddly from Social Security and may never be able to retire!
2	2	Left 4 dead is a lot funner????
1	2	Maybe Uncle Scrooge gave it to him?
3	3	YEAH REALLY...SHE ...was SWEET to ME...but i heard shes very ROUGH on people who work for her...another thing i find so AMAZING about her is...everyone is saying how UNOBTRUSIVE SHE IS..BUT SHES REEEEAAALLL TALL..SIX FEET 2 EASY....
2	2	Hmmmm, do I have a demo.... I just might, but I should probably do a new... That is if it's still alright....
2	1	LOL, I saw a thread that I started.
2	1	kudos , om mani peme ho , free tibet and long live his holiness dalai lama ,
2	1	please download end part of this fight
4	1	the acting in this scene is brilliant and its just so emotional it makes me cry everytime,fantastic !
3	1	@batfly Where did this JFK quote come from. This is an important quote!
2	2	works the same on mac, I have a mac and it works perfectly. Thanks for making an easy tutorial and nice screen saver, you officially pwnd that shit
2	2	@PeacenikChick I don't see it... sorry They must have taken it down. I will send you the link I have though.
2	2	You did the work so long ago, but your tip was good about the save room. It's just that it saves your exact status when it saves. It saved before you picked up the health kits the first time. So you needed to pick up the kits exit then walk back in to save again to keep the health. Then load and you would have the life and more kits.
3	3	RAIDERRRRRRRRRRRRRSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS!
3	1	haha, what a funny dog !
4	1	awesome job! love mickbeth. thanks so much for posting!
2	2	RIP Cozzene.
3	1	i love this song.
3	1	yaaay miley! :D
1	1	my
1	3	microwave obama
2	2	Oh Braddy, people use fbook.....It's okay. I'll sign you up.
2	2	@sirHOAX Currently over here, Monsanto is king, and nothing less than a rebellion is going to dethrone them.
1	3	Women wrestlers in a cage, wouldn't happen in WWE.
2	2	around the 1:08 mark sounds to me like Jurassic Park
3	1	Congrats Manuel!!!! Keep it up!
3	1	Liking this being played in a slightly different key to the original. I play this on my alto sax, it's one of my fave tunes ;)
2	1	Not bad lol
3	1	Love this tune. It was the first single I ever bought with my pocket money. I was 11 at the time and had just moved up to senior school. It cost me 42.5p (8s 6d in old money). I played it to death on the radigram at home : )<
2	2	wheres the comment that says go masterbait to math questions? :D
2	2	nettalk is much better check it out nettalk dot com, you dont need to plug it in your computer.
2	2	@skyisfallingsftd 
2	2	@bram07021993 
2	1	king is back!
3	1	and Thanks for all the comic con vids!!!!!
1	4	the725 dislikes were from just plain old twilight faggots
1	1	In A Gadda Da Vida by Iron Butterfly
3	1	I love this song
2	2	Extinction is the ultimate fate of all species
2	2	The picture totally fits this song. But it should be a sun set.
1	3	i hate to say this, but is Zizek whacked out on coke?
1	3	These girls really are messing this movie they are not acting well too much trying hard
3	1	Love this song (its funny cause its true) and Wally's save when the mic falls is a thing of beauty :)
2	2	@morrius07 i became a lolicon the mineit i saw ku
1	4	well im 13 but when i was like 11 or 12 i was hit on by like a ooo what was a FUCKING 80 YEAR OLD DUDE!!
2	1	@NTRLflvr Mariah Carey Man!
1	1	the rodeo...
2	2	i was watching taleb speak, and i knew something was off but i couldn't pinpoint it till i read your comment ^^
2	1	10 years ago but they sound like the future
3	1	wow!!!! this grate
2	2	you can be an atheist and work a 12 step program. your higher power can be the group of people in the aa or na meeting. it doesnt have to be a godlike being.
3	1	cool video!!!! He is an great jumper!!!!
1	3	@cptrelentless and your evidence for this is???
2	1	i want that game
3	1	Wow I love that 'soprano' ending!
2	1	nice
1	4	O my god! I watched the first 22 seconds and could not go further. I have heard stories about dogs sacrificing their lives for their owners. I feel so angry at this man who is doing this. I hope he goes to hell! this is just cruel. The face of the dog at 22. is heart breaking.
3	1	This was awesome on Chuck.
1	1	107th!
1	4	holy shit! hes married?
1	1	krifla lghadara chhal 9atlat man wahad
5	1	yayyyyy!!! =]] lol
3	1	2:29 "Well it's not bad my dear." LOL John's funny.
2	1	Who is the composer of LuoShui? Is it Tong Dik Sung?
3	2	the girl that covered for yuri was good! perhaps the rest can maybe work a bit more on not going off tune- otherwise, everyone's voices were.. jolly =)
1	2	Yeah this was at a rubbish time as well other times when ive server crossed or used japan ISO theres usauly 1000+ people
2	1	There's no telling how good you are. I covet the kit.
3	1	thanks for sharing.....he is so cute.......
2	1	Man That Red daytona gets busy !
2	1	I would go to Robalo Boats website and do a dealer search.
2	2	How would this work on a Boom Pole, wouldn't it slide off?I got a Zoom H2, and been prepping to do your boom pole video.Also, didn't know we could get hot glue guns in the UK!
1	3	Epic fail
2	1	what is the song in the intro
3	1	SUPER interesting!
1	2	wasn't 10 seconds
1	3	Ernie Sanders is a shyster and a religious fanatic. Don't trust this man. He's the one who should be locked up.
1	5	Fucking yank cock suckers!! thats not scaffolding!!!
2	2	The October surprise is that we're quitting the wars!! That's the only thing that will save the Democrats.
3	1	g.love = sweetness
3	3	@mikser Yeah, I can't name any of today's music either! Van Lee Roth's Jump was AWFUL, but I LOVED 99 Luftballoons!!!! And remember the Footloose soundtrack that was huge all summer that year? And Eddie and the Cruisers "The Dark Side" and St Elmo's Fi
2	1	All i know is sunderland are gonna win
3	1	Thomas Lockyer is absolutely gorgeous.
3	1	the dudes name is trevor mcnevan and the drummer is steve and probably are the most awesome band ever (besides skillet) rawk on thousandfootkrutch
3	1	hey abielle your filipino!?kewl!nice video=)
2	1	yup, I'll be attending Ithaca college as a music education major in the fall. though, i do want to go into music management after a couple years of teaching.
3	2	I love this song, I wish i'd played it to my brother before he died...
2	3	Like it, but DEAR GOD YouTube killed the quality on this! Also,thanks for putting this up, for some reason the Dev Diaries don't work on my WMP or CMS.
2	1	yep is right lad
1	1	you're
3	1	Damn! Ur hot Carla.
2	2	fair enough
2	1	This song is nice
1	2	no a possum pin
2	2	no offense, cypress hill's version is much better
1	4	barack just went uuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuhhh alot.
3	1	I just love when I big tough looking guy gets all sappy over a bird! Adorable!
2	1	release it!
2	4	...nooo that's the dyke, the fags making women's clothing. Hilarious.
2	2	@xxxMissTaylorxx That was the 90's...Grunge was the thing. Hell of a lot better than 80's and 70's fashion.
2	2	Hee hee, ours does this too, I'm always having to mop up after him! Had been wondering if they all did that.
1	1	@cowlurver i didnt
1	4	I can see November from my house and all you young turks will be crying!
1	2	they are really far away, not much of a atmosphere
2	1	T.I.'s a great rapper, rite there alongside Pac & Biggie......
2	2	@openairevangelism @k87jury We see uniformity of nature, So I accept the position of the uniformity of nature. Bring me evidence to the contrary, and I will consider it.And one can not know through faith, because there is no discernible difference between
2	2	Demons are Real!!!
3	3	I'm not surprised, if I was a ghost and someone tried to park their shit-box Rover on my road, I'd push it away too... :o)
1	3	wtf is this??? i thought this is Liverpool's Switzerland training camp
1	3	GODDAMMIT I WANT J.R. VS HEYMAN
1	3	@Birdieupon He's obviously just going to Haiti for the attention (and thus, all the money it brings to pad his hefty bank account). If the filthy scourge of religion must exist on this planet, it would best be done behind closed doors, in private.
3	1	I agree with this man! Thank you for standing up for the truth!
4	1	I know this has nothing to do with the faith itself, but I had to comment: At 7:04, that is a BEAUTIFUL family. Not only are they physically beautiful, but they seem so happy and united! And that little girl and her mother are just gorgeous!
1	2	i wonder if it's coincidence that this came out the same time that Watership Down was written.
4	1	Megga!!!
1	3	wtf r u tlking bout his lyrics r da shit now go listen to his newest mixtapes bro this is not 2007 where he did that crank that his lyrics have goten strong now and luda just sucks past is the past nobody cares no more bout wat he was 5 years ago
2	1	lol
2	2	You know that whole "humans use only 10 percent of their brains" myth is exactly that, a myth. I still think a prepped Frank Castle could kill Slade.
4	1	the aunts and uncles are hilarious and so frisky! Mark and fun are so cute!
3	1	Wise words! Inspiring!
2	3	it was horrible to hear my love goes to him...but its kinda like chris brown and rihanna thing im like ok...do u kno that even though she got beat once maybe even twice, there r ppl out here getting beat 24/7 but theyr so afraid to escape or tell anyone bcus the creep might kill em if they try?
1	1	Tak for din skarpe iagttagelse og opsummering om "Big Tobacco". Om folk vil se filmene "The Insider" og "Control Factor" og sammenhold med det, der foreg?r i deres eget liv, da vil mange se meget store lighedstegn. Tak for din ord.
1	2	@CarringtonVilla I think the real question is, what exactly do you have to contribute?
2	1	I say install Ubuntu! :D
3	1	wow, big boobs much? LOL
3	1	Great job! Really enjoyed your video!
2	1	He is so fine.
1	2	I have to agree, it sounds like the same B.S just a different time. Will we ever learn?
2	1	that was very usefull adam
2	3	:*^( very sad that all those men had to die the way they did. One of the saddest chapters in human history.
2	3	You, Sir, are a sad bigot. God loves everyone on this earth, and homosexuality is not a sin. Gay marriage will one day be legal in every state.. :]
1	3	im sorry but this extremely boring. Im from port, and i was excited to see that someone made a documentary. but come on.
2	2	Although I am ardent supporter of rights and liberties for all, guns appear to counter the rational base of my right and liberty to life even when I am committing a crime: "Eye for an eye will make the world blind."
3	2	Its amazing how a simple post of a song will provoke a racial related comment. Why can't you just enjoy the music. Its obvious that you searched for it and the reason wasn't race. The reason was because it sparked a memory or you like the song. Chill out people! Just listen to the music. Good to go?
1	3	Then why did we let you be free again???? Why let you???? Why have a revolution over something planned?? I'm not a racist but that gap is left out.
1	2	I was wondering this, it's because in some of the songs he prefers to mess around with toys and stuff during certain songs, so he leaves it ot the other guitarist. But then last year when he had the car crash he got a permentant guitarist cause he couldnt play =[
2	3	ha! that dude looked like he crapped his pants when jesse walked in..lol..
1	3	The entire series of video clips, hosted btw by a free internet hobbyist service, amounts to nothing more than people opposed to the Lisbon Treaty, but not having the intelligence to state WHY they are so opposed.
1	1	Do they still use the covered wagons on the winter plow trains?
4	1	You guys are SO good. :)
1	2	The music may not be of good quality. The Police Band is playing the tune 'General Salute'. You can also hear the Buglers playing their version of 'General Salute' (which they play when the Guards change at the Quarter Guard).Tvm. Special Armed Police (SAP) was formed when the Travancore Nair Infantry regiments were phased out, or moved into existing Infantry regiment (Madras Regt.). Travancore Nair Infantry in earlier days of the king provided bandobust duties for the 'Aarattu' festival.
1	2	Everyone Democrat in Congress and in his administration made the same claim, including Hillary. Did you believe Clinton when he said Sadam possessed WMD?
2	2	^ lol You don't know what you're talking about. Smallfry's definitely a good Sim.
1	2	@ModalTrains4884 Her boiler was in an overhaul in 1992. But then in 1994 the overhaul was haulted and a patch up job was done so 1218 could be towed back to Roanoke. All of her parts are stuffed in the firebox, and yes some key parts are missing. She is b
1	1	its the infanamy trailer
2	1	Interesting
3	1	I have been searching for this song for over 40 years. When I was in Libya in the 60's, my friend used to bring this little 45 lp to all dance parties. I finally found it today, what a relief!!
1	3	you guys are gay
1	2	What is the explanation behind them curving and changing directions. Other than intelligent control?
1	2	Can cysts on the bone develop independent of osteoarthritis, and if so, are they an indication of early arthritis?
1	2	i put originalfw.ipsw in the ipsw folder, and ran ipsw.bat, but when it finishes, ther is no jb.ipsw wat do i do?
1	2	I do not want to sound like a downer, but that was kinda boring
2	2	oh man, when you said molested I laughed so hard
2	1	thanks kripp, another good guide
3	1	HEAVY! I love the theremin.
3	1	amazing!
1	3	WillVill28Yes, but facts are irrelevant when dealing with attention whores, religious zealots and bigots.It does not seem to matter that the State Department validated his birth record, nor that the State of Hawaii has posted a sworn statement vouching for its authenticity.There are people for whom facts are incidental annoyances when compared to the dire importance of skin color and politics.
1	2	@MapleDork ugh you're a mind reader. i wonder what the champions of charity would've been like had those five crews won instead...
2	2	@threezy350 I would have to agree, mainly because I wouldn't want my team to have to face these guys right now. Sure our schedule is tougher but we don't win every team in that tougher schedule, in fact we can lose quite a few games and are still a top 1
1	3	goddamn were you under a rock for Dec/Jan?
3	3	fuckin hot fred
1	3	Gaaaah, you fiend. the one person....I dont rightly know. I suppose id have to. Id sit her down and tell her how to do a british accent properly, for starters. Then id lecture her on morals and decency whilst occasionally stopping to sip from my cup but maintaining a stern glare. then we'd get in to an argument and id call her something too ghastly to type, throw my (now empty) cup on the floor and inform her ive had better tea dates in my foulest nightmares.
1	2	@RettoT wtf
1	3	@sonoe09 you from madtown????
1	5	GO FUCK YOUR SELF
1	2	wait no -navy seals.
1	4	fuck fuck fuck!!!!!! i didnt send the power to archmedies is there any way to change that
2	2	I have the New MBP, and had the same problems as you, i have a 32" Sony Bravia Full HD, i have a Max resolution of 1920x1080, if i need the TV to display Fullscreen what settings do i need to put on Switchresx, i tries 1920x1200 and i got "Unsupported signal" from the TV ... HELP!
1	2	I always thought thomas more was an asshole. he basically ruined his family's life with his execution just so that he could have a perfectly clear conscience. back in his time, a family couldn't survive without the man of the family (as you see later in the film). He needed to get his priorities straight and succumb to Henry
3	3	fuckin sick!! one of my inspirations rite here
1	2	That is where comprehension comes in. The dumbing down of America. Lets say you sit a child down to explain something to them. Regardless of all the plethora of info you give them, if the child has low comprehension skills, the child will continuously ask why. why? why? why?
3	1	Badass...Can't wait to see the whole film. Awesome trailer guys :D- Tom Bucag
2	1	It's been a long time since I listened to "Sound Affects" and unfortunately forgot about this amazing song. Stumbled onto it last night (watching the Rockpalast show they did 30 years ago).
1	1	If you wanna download this mp3 go to everymp3rip doht cohm.
3	2	dude your laptop is mad shiny i love it! my mom bought this IBM T30 laptop it has a 20gb hd, ati mobilty radeo 7500 graphics card, windows xp home edition service pack 2, 512 mb of ram, built in mic and keyboard light, intel pentium core 2 duo @1.99 ghz -2.00ghz, 2 usb ports, dvd cd rom, aand great sound quality. pretty decent fraps on nfs mw but terrible graphics. im getting a new 1 with win 7 hopefully a hp. nice vid and magnificent laptop!
1	3	That cop was a d bag
2	1	hey check my newestvideo out please thank you
2	1	Where can i buy CHEM-DIP? I could really use it.What year is your Cub?
3	1	great piece :D
3	1	very cool, I really enjoyed that
3	1	sooo good
3	1	This is funny as hell! I love it!
1	1	PLEASE DONT? READ THIS. YOU WILL? GET KISSED ON THE NEAREST? POSSIBLE?? FRIDAY BY THE LOVE OF YOUR? LIFE.? TOMORROW? WILL? BE THE? BEST? DAY OF? YOUR? LIFE.?? HOWEVER IF? YOU DONT? POST THIS COMMENT??? something bad will happen. NOW UV? STARTED? READIN DIS DUNT STOP?? THIS? IS SO SCARY.? SEND? THIS TO? 5? VIDEOS??? IN 143 MINUTES??? WHEN? UR? DONE PRESS? F6 AND UR CRUSHES? NAME WILL? APPEAR ON? THE SCREEN IN BIG? LETTERS. THIS? IS SO SCARY CAUSE IT ACTUALLY? WORKS? THIS ACTUALLY? WORk
3	1	Impressive
2	2	Due to pressure from the school on releasing this film, we had to cut short the clone part. There was going to be an extensive and more complicated fight scene between SpudTrooper and Buzz Lightyear.
3	1	haha its funny verry funny XD
3	3	I am tired of the US medias which always define Putin as a dictator. 
1	3	haters
3	1	There going back which is quite awesome :D
3	1	this is awesome how but how
2	2	3:28, did he say he's dieing from being approached by the front? Because it looks more like it switches to 3rd person mode when being assinated, much like with the Jockey in L4D2.
4	1	Give em hell Barack...!!!
3	1	love Andy's voice...
2	1	He used to be married to Glady Knight.
2	4	@KingDingaLing090 prove that dingbat. he sees way more of whats going on than you. stop pullin bs out your anus
3	1	thank you very much =)
1	4	CRACKER TRYING TO JACK MY ROLL-X
1	3	Fake and gay
2	2	Let's try to get more than 331 unique commenters so we can show how bogus this count really is.
3	3	OMG....the Japanese have mastered the art of Metal, ......I'm fucking speachless.
4	1	motley crue is the fuckin best
1	2	Wait, what?
1	3	Chris, I'm sick of seeing naked men and such and by that I mean guys with their shirt off. Can't you find something funnier and slightly more appropriate?
3	1	Erin..Thanks for your tips..Its very helpful
3	1	Asalaamu alaikum wa rahmatullah wa barakatoh
3	1	i so lvo et hsi video tios cute and sweet
1	3	@buzzhonky Although I'm sure you're all for flattery of those more intelligent than you, your request is unreasonable.
1	1	kontynuacja poprzedniego komentarza...bo jest swietnym aktorem, bardzo mi sie podoba Jego gra aktorska, widac, ze lubi swoja prace, robi to z pasja, a w kazdej pracy wlasnie pasja i zamilowanie do tego co sie robi jest najwazniejsze, Filipie zycze Ci dalszych sukcesow w pracy, Angelika
2	2	Amen! R.I.P. Mr. Heston.
3	1	for my money he was the best to ever lace em up !!!
3	3	Way to slay 'em Shiloh!
3	1	@Skelevision Thank you Skelevision, please share this video with everyone you can
1	3	Iraq was booted out of Kuwait by the US. It fought an 8 year war with Iran. All of it's weapons were purchased from the west. The US knew exactly what Saddam had. I don't understand how anyone could believe our intelligence would be this inept. This is why so many quit after the invasion. Bush lied when he said the info was provided by our Intelligence. This is why so many angry books by former intelligence agents.
2	1	this performance is on limewire if you lot wanna download it
1	1	What was that last bit of audio they cut out?
2	1	he's all hyped up...no one knows what he had in that hand...1,100 phil's a funny dude
2	1	hey you should go out with jimmy xD seriously
1	2	Cause alot of people think any form of touch even innocent touch like tickling is between guys is a sign of being gay and wanting more and def the furthest from the truth! Those people are not comfortable with themselves thats all!
2	1	hahaha emma dat lachje :p
3	1	this is very good.
3	3	thats sickkkk!
1	2	October 29th. Venus Inferior Conjunction. Weird things happen on or within a couple days of these events. 
2	2	I even hear LRAD go off once in my neighborhood. I'm cranking the speakers up and shooting the shit out of anything dish and speaker shaped. Lot's of people have gasoline and Humvee's make nice ovens. If you can get ahold of a bunch of mercury. Put it in big containers that can break on impact and it'll eat right through aluminum armor.What I'm watching is comex options expirations monday. If they can't keep gold below 1300 then it's max pain for the bullion banks and america is broke.
3	3	How could you say that USC team was not any good? We had Sam Clancy (2002 Pac-10 MVP), Brandon Granville, David Bluthenthal, an up and coming Desmon Farmer. I was shocked and still am shocked at that upset. USC that year was picked to go to the Final Four by Sports Illustrated. GO TROJANS!!! U-C-L-A SUCKS!! 
5	1	awesome!!!!!!!!
2	2	@orangebluemango dude.... Its a song about color because the lead singer of counting crows is of ethnicity
3	1	It was a good game. Most Canucks fans are cool with me and the ones that made it to the Honda Center were pretty classy. I sat close to this group of Canucks fans and one them had a poster that read, "you wish you had swedish twins" lol
2	2	why dun they have this in cantonese version?
2	2	wtf game of love O.o
3	1	Great fuckin video bro killed it man nicee.
1	4	You got good grades in music? I hope you're kidding and not really trying to say that taking a guitar and piano class means you've studied music. I have a bachelor's in music and even after years of analyzing compositions by many of the greats, I don't feel I've even scratched the surface. That's the difference between you and I; you've settled and are easy, like the rest of the simples that buy into what they're force fed. I'm discerning and actually pay attention. Creed is terrible.
3	1	Thank you so much! For the first time I managed to do a stitch after watching the video less than a hundred times :)
1	1	Can you use the steering wheel controls to change songs and such on the Zune?
2	2	Doesn't matter...Richard Nixon/Spiro Agnew would have still won the White House and did a better job in my view of history back then.
1	3	was it necessary to use the word "shitty?"and hunny , if you dont to hear their voices , might as well search up another video and stop trying to be a badass with all these comebacks :)
2	2	holy shit that guy swung that club hard
3	1	I love San Fransisco, spots everywere
2	2	it doesnt matter if dada goes to 0..only matter is HIS tram won today by his rules...
3	1	Cool video guys! Bodybuilding Warehouse is top! Bought all my stuff from you lot recently, cant thank you guys enough!
3	1	very cool and i dont smoke
3	1	Hahahaha Mallory talking to that chicken XD she makes me laugh
1	2	uhh why does youtube allow this big of a video? no way this is 15minutes XD
3	1	ASIAN! I'm going to start buying some MAC makeup because of this video! And also since I just started out in makeup you better help me when I have questions ;). lol! Love you from other ASian. (and if your confused PGS. lol)
4	1	Wow...that's impressive!
1	1	y puro mexico desde dallas tx
2	2	yes bone boys is back
1	3	@FaithNoMore1977 What does that even mean? If you're going to get short with your keyboard, you might as well make sure everyone know's what your talking about.
2	1	future looks bright
3	2	i'm making sugar cookies MYSELF withouth setting the house on fire
2	1	hey she was in tank girl
2	2	@APLUSVIDEOS I know! Whats up with that? Isnt he a water/flying now?
2	3	Downie ALWAYS gets his ass kicked. He's lucky he never had to square up with guys like Stu Grimson, McSorley, Tony Twist, or Bob Probert. He'd be dead right now.
1	2	blaga bla bla bigidy bigidy i sOund nothin like john travolta
3	1	Lobo-Awesome XD
3	1	Thanks.
2	2	@drecklia: Well, there is all that pr0n to surf, I suppose. Yeah. Pr0n, beer and parties, right? Hahahaha... we had that, but you had to get playboy and hustler and beer was whatever you could afford. Me? I was too much of a nerd to go in for a lot of tha
1	2	Here we go. Censorship. So long first amendment!
2	1	thank you. like the first thirty seconds helped me with my problem lol. do u think u can make one on how to make npcs' move one or two steps at a time? that would really help me.
1	2	And didn't Capp rather crudely put the moves on her?
1	2	Ehhhh... I think you're misusing corpus delicti. The corpus delicti is a test to determine if the crime being charged has actually occurred. For example, if we want to charge someone with murder, we have to show there has been a murder first. To do this we use the corpus delicti. You're trying to use it as a means of defining which actions are crimes. That's really outside the scope of what the corpus delicti is meant to do. I don't think any court has actually applied it this way.
3	3	I've played every RE game. These movies do the game GREAT justice. They have their own story line sort of. So maybe that's what people get upset about. But when it comes to some detail like different types of zombies, dogs, gadgets, weapons they're spot on. The 3D on this movie was amazing and best I've seen. I feel like it was a lil boring and I hated how it ended. Seems like they're trying to make it more of a story driven Action film rather then a story driven horror film which it should be.
2	4	@daymyth tell me you are joking. Oh no, u are serious.OMG, you actually believe what you are saying. well. Good luck to you.
3	1	WRYYYYYY!!!
2	2	I know how you feel, sadly my fathers funeral was on 14th Jan.
1	5	what a fucking pusssssssyyyyyy
3	1	I love this video.
1	2	shes old nw.
4	1	I love ouiser...."A bunch of my friends would dress up as Nuns and go bar hoppin'" ROTFLMFAO
3	2	SOMADALA WITH A HOT LAFIDI.
3	1	Yep, pretty much, lol! It adds to the overall appeal of the game IMO! :D
2	1	Yeah this one has a lot better video quality than the other one.
1	3	@gaiusscholasticus; I don't assume any rights, my friend, because I wasn't there.
1	3	no madaras brother is definately dead, madara took both of his brothers eyes and danzo only has the sharingan because when itachi killed shisui it was under danzos orders because danzo wanted a sharingan himself.
3	1	I have listened to many subliminal tapes, but this is certainly beyond anything I have ever experienced in this kind of genre. and, the art is incredible!
2	2	zack for the hallowen zombie theme can you make weapons like a jason style machete please i tried many tutorials and none of them work please indymogul and zack? your my only hope
4	2	GREAT VID WALT! As Always! Walt i'm so sorry i havent made your show in a while. I have been working on new tricks and my show but im hoping to make your show asap. I think im meeting up with ustream on someday next week and i think they said it might be on monday. Walt i am truely sorry i cant make your show but your the man walt! Keep the music going!-Cameron
3	1	Wow, lots of cool things about UNT that I didn't know, and I went there! :)
2	2	im glad to see some 1 got they eyes open
3	1	There is no better Punk Rock band than the Ramones! And thats my opinion.
1	3	it's not really fair. everyone except Terra, Ven, and Aqua, the three HEROES of the story, got a happy ending.
2	2	if you collect all of them in every story you get 1 achievement. so basically no.
1	1	Daug La Salle :)
2	2	Review vegetarianism, please.
1	3	Police Academy was his last movie, He should have left it at that.Horrible movie,,,
3	1	i love the flow of this song and its just a couple of words but thats what makes it catchy.i really like this song.
3	1	Amazing. Cela m'a beaucoup plu. Top stuff.
1	1	my love new york viva estados unidops cabrones yheaa
1	2	@Cheatman97 you ever heard a GOD rapping?
1	3	that wasn't blue meanie you jerk.
2	2	this two old timers seen it all ,real brave guys coming forward
1	3	What the heck? Why is this flagged? Err... now i see that others are also wondering what idiot reported it... Sheesh. Just coz you hate j-pop from the 80s...
3	1	Very cool view of the inside of MMA, love Shields and his crew, looks like the real deal.
2	1	looks fun, i might go there next year. what dorms are those? and how nice are they compared to like brandt( if that isn't brandt)?
2	1	I saw the theatrical version in the theater and the opening credits were very erotic. I know...for those who don't recall it had Buck and various women mackin on the Buck Rogers logo. If I recall correctly.
2	1	I saw Pepsi without High Fructose Corn Syrup, I was really surprised.
1	4	fuck u i ment the video dumbass
2	2	With that being said all galactus would have to do is convert the yellow suns energy into any matter he wants to strip superman of his powers or restructure the molecules in supermans body into kryptonite or simply teleport him to a different galaxy where there is no yellow sun.
1	4	wait, so, remind me again what he would know about anything? he fucked up countless albums(surfer rosa, in utero), and has his head way up his own ass.
3	1	This is such a powerful video. It is amazing to see what you guys are doing for these beautiful women and children. Dave
1	3	thats shocking!
2	3	She is ok. but song sucks.
3	1	lol, imagine being the drummer :D
2	2	i kinda wish clay aiken ((unicef ambassador)) was in that commercial more than once...:((
3	1	I love it
2	2	Stacey's so much better than the new blonde girl.
3	1	dope as usual! rare finds...
4	1	Loved this video :)
3	1	Big Meaty and Bouncy! And that organ ROCKS. Maybe a little Wolfmother would be a good choice for the band.This is my idea of what a rock band sounds like.
2	1	ethier of those would be acceptable too
2	2	This guy remeinds me of a chubby Doug Henning!
2	2	... i mean the lions were 0-16 last year... i imaging one of their guys are available... haha
3	1	i love u more 2
1	2	@Rodzhila its not as funny as MXC cuz they lack lil Asians and the funny characters
2	3	oh Michael shut up! Quality
1	1	@joeisacutie my brother's
4	1	thankyou! this helped me soo much!
3	1	Hey, this is a really awesome quote mix! And, of course, we all know Sarge is an amazing singer after the third part of the Reach special with the Forge song...
2	1	PI MU....the Polo Madness KHAPTER BABY
3	3	LOL!!
2	1	hahah mayo u wild cuzzo
3	1	demasiado preciosa i will love to know you
1	3	Who is to say that they have not invaded....subversely creating a race of ingnoant, consuming slaves! Remember perception is reality....our collective eyes are being opened to things that are not from this world....and so we must ask the question... Are "we" from this world? We have step by step been leaving the earth the day we put shoes on. Think about it....deeply.
2	2	I used to play mandolin and sing in a band with some girls who played bluegrass. I was a bit wild for them. They were sheltered. I chose the band name "Pickin' on Molly". They loved it. They thought the banjo's name was Molly. I thought it was funny. It was really just a variation on Flogging Molly.
3	3	it goes hard!!!!!!!!!!!
3	1	omg that is awesome.
2	1	Please look & listen to this spiritually stimulating Youtube video*September 19Th*Mark Lakeman of City Repair is coming to LA & will be teaching a very groovy hands on workshop @ HM157*
1	2	if you pause then clicj past themit only works sometimes
1	3	no your not!
1	2	Yes, but in reality (especially at that time) he certainly would have incurred the displeasure of the tennis club members by turning up on court wearing casual trousers, shoes and long sleeve shirt!
1	1	sounds abit like richard dreyfuss
3	1	How very beautiful, CC. I would certainly love to walk there among such lovely landscapes.
1	4	I aggree, that kinda police brutality is detremental to the confidence the public has. Thoes arse wipes should be fired and arrested however much like politicians, they will 'get away with it'.
1	4	@MultiUncensored You're the one who's pissed because a crtic gave thumbs down to some movie you like. Faggot.
2	2	Good stuff, and the parting shot hit with unexpected force. Shut 'em down. Shut 'em down.
2	4	the big dick rail. LOL.
1	3	sports game suck aSS
2	1	oh, and i got to see her live outdoors this summer at Fraze Pavillion in dayton ohio
1	2	The Maghreb Union Countries "place of sunset" or "the west"The Maghreb Union Countries "place of sunset" or "the west"The Maghreb Union Countries "place of sunset" or "the west"The Maghreb Union Countries "place of sunset" or "the west"The Maghreb Union Countries "place of sunset" or "the west"Wiki put Conrad Black in Jail
3	1	one of my faves :P
4	1	my favorite NOIR DESIR song. SEXY!!!!
1	1	Hey Pal,
3	1	exelent explanation
2	3	You misinterpreted my post. I was not taking potshots at athe NO. Yes, I do like the Extraordinary Form but a NO Mass can be for me ,just as beautiful when the Ars Celebrandi is the forte' of a Priest. Just because I would have like to see both forms of Mass featured in the series does not warrant your assumption of my zeal. If a Priest celebrates either form badly it speaks for itself and I need not take potshots at 1 form or the other. Your zeal towards my comment is the only thing misguided.
3	3	Thanks for mirroring.Maybe you'll have more success. 450 views in the last 5 days for my channel.It should have EXPLODED considering it was the only video of Othman denying she is "Ambassador to Space Aliens".Here's the thing about this though, she REALLY IS "Director" of "United Nations Office for Outer Space Affairs" so the News reports were essentially correct. They just reported her TITLE incorrectly, which forces Othman to DENY it.So, did the media do this to discredit the truth?
3	2	the little gangster rapper jesus! - Priceless!
5	1	A great video. *****:-)
2	2	500 bucks was almost six grand back then
1	1	den kommentar hab ich doch schonmal gelesen^^
1	2	They totally copied Metallica. Listen to the beginning of Creeping Death after watching the beginning of this.
3	3	they fucked that game up big time!!!! HAHAHA
1	1	Ano itong performance na ito? Details please.
1	1	might want to add on a smaller one to lead the big one
1	2	I can never understand how an anime eyeball can be round..... isn't it supposed to be huge, and possibly SQUARE? I mean, the whites in anime eyes are huge and not round at all!
1	1	who are the wingmakers?
2	1	looks like fun
1	1	549 gradjana +1 :D
3	2	lol - that is funny. I know sainsburys staff get stick, but i love it, not many managers make themselves look a tit.
1	2	ankward to watch
5	1	my youth showed this sermon video to us today at church and i just LOVED this song! most christian songs aren't harsh enough (in a positive way) and really send out the message, but this one did and i think God REALLY spoke to Kendall bout this one!!! thanx for this AWESOME powerful song!
1	2	where you at alaska??? this has to be old footage.
2	2	@gwargwar1981 I just realized they did something to the webcam software on youtube, when I heard my dog lapping up water, I dont think I'll have to hold the mic up anymore, after I painted it black and everything. Mike said it looked like a tampon.hahahah
3	1	This is the best cover of anything I've ever heard
3	2	What matters is the sound of the song and not how he looks.Thank god stephen hawking in wheelchair all his last two decades would not have had the chance to do his doctorate in physics but also regarded as the living einstein,he would have no chance in some people's world.
4	1	... Having Sora In Brawl Would Be
2	1	Can anyone tell me which fugue it is at the beginning???
1	4	How can you type with a PENIS in your mouth?? That's a skill...make a video of that.
3	2	Lol, a drive shaft in the car is only an annoyance? Sounds pretty dangerous to me. Anyway, very nice video!
4	1	Ilove your video rollin!!! and ballin!!!
5	1	Brilliant song, and who better to deliver it than Jesse Dixon. AWESOME!
3	1	love pete
2	1	ki lo gba instruction lowo daddy..iwaju yin ni ma...daddy..Mr Latin funny yo..lmao
1	3	Sit In My Lap...Hold On!! Stop Moving!! It Pose To Hurt!!
1	4	Get a grip! I have already given you my views.NOW just accept them!
1	3	yeah your gonna look a bit weird arnt you, you one day randomly turn up at a neighbour's door and ask to check all their rooms
3	1	smartest talk ever
3	1	@lunabianca22 That was well said point taken.
1	1	@soldier14E Sierra from VersaEmerge
1	1	@MsMrii Cotton, Wool, Linen, ect.
1	1	@mrtrkdlite i didn't know you can speak australian....
1	1	Mio nonno ? de Basilicata
4	2	Thank you so much for posting!! I taped this in 1990!! I was 14yrs old and watched it every day!! I let someone borrow the tape about 6 years later, and I never saw it again.. But thanks to your posting, I can hear/see it again!! Thanks again!!
3	1	I feel that if this video were entered in the Grammys, it would win for best music video.
1	2	@McAngelo24 
3	1	i love this song
3	1	Thanks Jamenjoe, I've found the song! Nye Nindu by Agricantus
1	3	God dammit Chu, I thought that you were above wobbling :(
2	1	yep real film
2	2	Thanks? 
3	3	ahahaha!
1	4	Glen Beck is prime example of republican greed. It?s always me, me, me, I, I, I. Caring for no one but himself.
2	2	thaT's what you called pro sniper!good day ..:G*sorrOW<3 FroM PSF
3	1	Nice! I was hoping you would upload this show. It's one of my favorites.
2	1	i like dark crusade alot next time pls play as imperial gaurd
1	3	so madd i voted for her in 2005glad shes gone!
2	1	this is sum mad talent take time to look for a track called im sorry ,reaching for me ,you are my everything on my channel im from the uk so wud sound like different rap to u but plz comment rate n send out to friends ty
2	2	Hahaha. This compiles some of the only good parts of this movie.
1	5	fucking posh cunts, alright for them to pollute the air with there V8 tractors........suck my ol' bill you toffy nosed cunts
4	2	2 people missed the "Like" button. Awesome song!
2	3	This kid is cute..can't get credit for a phone, a car or a house. Maybe he can scrape up some money somewhere to buy some shampoo and wash his hair. As they go on, his hair is getting greasier and nasty...
4	1	Awesome Video.
1	4	You really are an idiot aren't you? It is hyper saline, and part of the ecosystem of the area. Go look at a global map... you can clearly see that Salton Sea was once the top end of the Sea of Cortez... and through years of sedimentary deposits, became a land-locked inland sea.The summers make the edges more saline, and have less oxygen available... the stronger healthier fish travel to the deeper sections of the lake and are fine. You really are an idiot....
1	2	Is it necessary to own a large white tunic to be a cult leader? If so I have been going about this all wrong with my jogging suit!
2	1	Never give In!
2	2	I choose to celebrate his life, not question his death!
4	1	Very nice video. And such a beautiful song. Thank God we have people like Nichole Nordeman to help put words to the praise that our hearts feel toward our Lord. What a blessing her music has been to me and my walk with the Lord.
3	2	yeah it is b/c how else could they make lip gloss ! I still luv yah Jory!
1	4	fags :}
2	3	the food channel thinks that good bbq comes from new york city....lol...lame....
1	4	@iMartger he is a nazi. Get your mind out of the gutter and start thinking.
2	1	lol its ok
1	2	what the fuck is the name of the song
3	3	oh my godd thats so sadgreat chapter!
1	4	Europeans thought they could import muzzies to use as cheap labor, and that decision was the beginning of your collective cultural suicide. You did not understand the nature? of those you brought into your midst. And whenever one of your own stands up for your culture and heritage, you denounce them and call them racist. Your only hope for survival as a people is mass deportation.
3	1	brilliant free runing
2	1	thanks for posting
2	1	Nice
2	1	I swallow it every tuesdayNow that is funny.
1	1	Does anyone know what year the scenes on the Rapid City, SD line were shot?
1	1	does it cost money?
1	2	I only see two modes in Darkmount...kinda sick of the lame third modes...i would rather have them focus just on two modes and keep them solid...but i do have to wonder what is so hard in designing a tank that can also turn into convincing looking turret
3	3	Happy birthday bitch.
2	2	nigahiga, way better 'cause nigahiga has his own idea, makes it realistic, and doesn't say bad words or do inappropriate things
2	2	I've noticed that you, Paul, wear sunglasses a lot. I'm guessing you guys are always so stoned that eye drops don't work. lol.
3	1	@ZeroTechSkilz Thank you and thank you!
1	1	jajajaja me muero de la risa con giovanni 5:08 jajajajajaja ......
3	1	'I got number 6 7/8!''6 7/8 is my HAT SIZE!'Genius!
2	1	me luv go even of om, just a neginner
1	1	any more
3	2	ther was only one Michael Jackson and only one Frank Sinatra!! I miss them both!!
2	2	firestorm must have pretty good armor... razer had a hard time piercing it. or maybe it was damaged when dead metal got a hold of it.
4	1	when this game comes out,its gonna be packed with people. I SOOOO WANT THIS.
2	2	yay madtown!
2	2	i miss home man YIZO YIZO proudly south african
1	3	@Tobsy1981 not much a sense of humor eh?
3	1	i absolutley love this song.
2	3	@AquaticTide pac got him on lyricism but on a real level no one fucks with guccis except for boosie
3	1	This spared us many tears this morning. Thank you so much for making and posting this.
4	1	I hadn't heard this for over 50 years. Simply marvelous! Thank you.
2	1	Treyarch wins
3	1	Your videos are really great. Enjoyable to watch and listen to when vibin.
3	1	I have to ask you...have you ever been bitten....and are you always barefoot in the swamp??....by the way..this video is amazing......very good..I have some vids on here of a black snake and some other things along the susquehanna river where I live in Pa...
1	1	how did u get the ui theme
2	2	@23eirish well let's see what the new album 'Black Magic' is like...by the way Tupac had songs like Keep ya Head Up ,I Get Around ect..Biggie & Jay each made too many songs for the ladies to even count so you probably really hate all those guys' music .
1	4	@somersetforever you just dont appreciate motorsports, dont be mad because you dont have what it takes to build one of these trucks capable of doing so much. just get back in your eco friendly fag mobile and ride.
3	2	this is funny asss shit
1	1	Google Gary Boaz. That is this instructors name.
3	2	I was there, expensive and worth the whole hun. ;D
1	1	What was that song that Jeremy was recording at 1:27? It was like, "No longer can i live a life of no control!"
3	1	martin lawerence is the best
4	2	Love how Worf patches his fucking spacesuit with a dead borgs hand. What a badass...
4	3	GLORY.....I HAVE SUFFFFFFFFFFFFERED!!! I have paid my dues, o jesus sweet jesueJESUS!!! I love you Leading lady serita Lol...yea thanks for the beatings i love you!!!
4	1	hahahaaaaaaaaaaaaaa myyyyyyy spaghettttttttttttttttttiiiiii!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
4	2	Two words: Bad Ass!!!
2	1	must be on e ;)
4	1	What a few great goals so many memories there. Stuart greay's barmy army he is a quality manager !!!! come on town!!
3	1	We have got to get ya'll down to South MS this spring for a blowout ride!
4	1	Oh I'd love a plushie of Adam, so kiwaii!
4	1	lennox Lewis... in my opinion 1 of the best boxers of all time... such a great personality such dedicationamazing boxer :)
2	2	Pino is just ridiculously tall. He makes that bass look smaller than John's guitar!
3	1	gotta love those neck veins in the last one
1	5	lmfao fucking retard you cant drop trade more than like 60k so shut the fuck up cock knocking bitch
3	2	@thorris11 oh yea baybe nice big jugs
4	1	Mighty nice! Bravo
1	3	Well as long as you set Emerl's fight pose to Gamma's, you'll be able to explode when you die.
2	1	Damn - that's one young Stevie Goodman - when was this recorded?
2	2	nice run in description did replay really mess up ur vid?
4	4	UUUuaaaaAAGHHH!!!!!
3	1	My friend and I also were on this cruise. Your video captures what a beautiful sight Hubbard was.
2	3	thats cool photos are easily saved online some people even steal them and pose as that person the main thing with myspace is to eb wary of random people adding you remembering they may be adding you and your whole friedns list,,,
4	1	thank you:) to the beautiful wise women and to you who posts. these words will carry on through the universe, releasing more love. im watching all these videos im addicted.-Dez
1	2	no music
1	1	my horse is relatively grounded.
2	1	cool
3	2	@lTOPMODELl i dont know whats going on with me or what had happened to me, but i do know that i love you and im going crazy over you. i worry myself and get anxious for you. i swear im dying for u. u tell me that u know the meaning of this feeling. and a
2	1	Variation is key to muscle growth - you need to make your body "guess" on what the next exercise in the workout will be.When comparing incline dumbbell to barbell press - the barbell press is more isolated and even though it makes your stabilising muscles work - the amount that those smaller muscle groups get is much lower. Also incline dumbbell press can involve a tiny amount of shoulder work.Personally I like the dumbbell press :)
2	1	please check out my first animation .... :D
3	1	I love this video. So important to remember the bodies needs and compliment our vibrations of being.
3	1	Wow you guys make me smile... Speedy can you speed talk while making love?
5	1	Wicked mix and a sexy DJ!!!!
3	1	God made them to understand He is always in control and He tells how He want His people to worship Him. He changed their usual meeting router and made himself strong... God is great.
4	1	This is an amazing song. My mother is dedicating this to my Dad at his suprise 60th birthday party for their 1st dance. They've been married for 37 years. So fitting
1	1	this song is called la mar(the ocean) by the beautiful girls
1	1	Political Propaganda.
5	1	omg this video is so cool!
5	1	AWEOMSE I was hoping you were gonna make a video of this BEAUTIFUL machine! 
1	1	FIRE THE TORPEDOES
3	1	thanks fro posting, all of my trevino faves, and some i'm just now being introdued to.
4	1	Thank you Madukwu. You're a genius in your own, so I really appreciate that coming from you. I love this song. I can relate to the lyrics. :)
3	1	You got to love Bo at the 3:26 mark. "Lets Go Blue"
1	1	The one was 0.5 cm bigger , i read that somewhere.
4	1	awsome song and I love this movie...I have the DVD at home hehe
3	1	at 03:00 "love is a donut" LOL
3	1	Awesome
3	1	@CincyCNote513 hahah good look i got u on that hat.
1	3	@prankstertwins It's not going to be "fun, happy go lucky". Graphic style does not a happy go lucky game make. TWW wasn't like that, was it? Would you say the entire destruction of Hyrule is "happy go lucky"?
4	1	@vampire112098 i know the whole dance too i love this song!!!
1	1	i have foxfire but im watch episodes on my ps3
1	1	hey since kojak's gone who's flying number six at pearl harbor
5	1	Beautiful - like you! Your talent is never ending.. I LOVE your home.. B.T.W. My home is calling for you, "Maryam, please help me.. I need a make over.." ha ha ha.. But, if you ever need another project, please be my guest :).. Love you lots! Keep me posted on the fabulous home updates... xoxo MM
3	1	Go to? BeyondPhenom. com... It? is Soon to be the Best place to watch Personal Sports Highlights. Hurry and Create an account and upload a video to? show? your talent to the world!!
3	1	Amanda Tapping is one helluva sexy lady.
3	1	7:45 - "You can't win. You just can't win!"
3	2	I'm writing to tell you that your system is definitely the best system for Forex traders that I've ever used. I tried various programs with little effect but the signal method is what I always wanted. This way I can do other things instead of worrying about market analysis and other complicated stuff. I'm absolutely satisfied with this system. Learn how to make easy money at [ MakeMoney8Xcom ](replace X with a dot
1	5	fuck you. you fucking bastard
4	1	Les Carlson is awsome. Love the raspy voice. And the prancing? When you have Love for GOD..I'd be prancing too. Ahh..the joy in your heart..what a feeling. So dance all you want Les cause I'm right there with you buddy. Rock on!!
5	1	this is just sssoooooo epicly awesome!! just lloovvee~ it! X3
2	2	To be fair, I don't think Mat grew up playing basketball, so he was fighting an uphill battle from the start. Hopefully he took advantage of the free schooling and got his degree from a premier school in the U.S. He had his fair share of distractions...multitudes of hot women threw themselves into his bed reportedly...so who could blame him for falling victim to 'Neil Reed Syndrome'? (What 19 yr. old could resist that?) Play a Sade song & tell them they are the most beautiful woman ever! ;^))
3	1	Possibly my favorite album.
1	3	WHERE ARE THE OTHER PARTS
4	1	lol awesome
1	3	O_O
2	2	man, the only bad thing about this interview is geoff's mic imo, mabye its his uber-manly breath.
3	1	Augustana- Twenty years, Love this song, makes me cry all the time.
3	1	@supermant11 Thanks, glad it helped!
3	2	i got my daith pierced a few months ago. lol i wanted my rook done but they said my ears were too small but suggested the daith instead and i LOVe it. talk about pain though... nearly passed out. but its worth it i think.
4	1	@darkalemanbr nice!!!
3	1	dang that woman can sing!
3	1	i love the song at the very end
3	1	@xxxilsexxx yes it is :)
2	1	@jamesjr934 yeah I think it's lame german house / rave music.
2	1	lol its almost chrismas right now...december 12
2	2	why are you reading this comment u should be looking at jess
2	2	He covered a lot of stuff in a short time... Which part did you not understand?
1	4	@8LiGhTs8 Very true, but mankind has grown power hungry. This "hunger" has caused massive destruction, and it has caused many people to suffer in this world. Quite frankly, none of us are happy, unless someone else is suffering. It doesn't have to involve
1	4	who flagged this shit?
4	1	this is my song I <3 you minica
3	1	Nice.
3	1	Beastly rambo.. my money is on you.
4	1	Love It :D
2	2	man, ferio eats more than goku
1	2	she just had flu not swine flu
1	3	o.o
3	2	@Ilio0 Jackie lifted her game here.....frankly there arent very many singers of any age who could compete with that
1	3	@semperjoshua and you do realize LenDale is on the Broncos now, right? I guess "stud" RB's in your book? go through 3 teams total in an offseason as well. Moving on, Thomas Jones may be an ok back, but he's far from what you're expecting and his old age w
2	2	only available in 160kbps at the momment. will get a 192kbps up soon
1	2	Investigators determine Air-France disaster caused by plane crash
3	1	@Angiegirl2112 you rock
1	4	they are playing with people's lives for their amusement. Hubris?
3	1	i love him one of my favorit
2	1	thank you
3	1	Help Legalize Marijuana! Go to norml(.)org and contact your representatives
1	1	a evo taman usreci svog starog nadjuci ovu pjesmu...nije mogao vjerovati kad sam mu pustila, ah barem sam nekoga usrecila barem na trenutak:)
2	1	if there was a 2008 version of Rescue 911 the scene of the policecar heading to the scene would be a perfect animated image.
2	1	373 likes and 309 views
4	1	You deliver amazing videos every time. Thank you!
1	4	Obama...lets use his real name finally. Are u really gonna vote fir...ILLIGAL MAN?! Really?
3	1	Happy Birthday Ian. Thank you for the gifts you left us.
3	1	Thank You For Returning :)
3	2	Success! Thank you! I'm with dmnyli, below. It took some time to "see" the inverter plug. I used a tiny nail on the end of a hemostat (clamp) to work the cable clip in. The tips of my fingers are still sore from holding back the clutch cover! Another issue -- keeping the sleep magnet in place as you reattach the frame. I finally held it down with the eraser end of a pencil. .Just one mystery -- I double-checked all around the frame. I couldn't figure out where that "extra" screw goes!
3	1	I saw when you originally did this on Brunch with Bridget and I laugh hysterically every time I hear it.
3	3	everybody knows his name!!! WHATCHU TALKN BOUT BUMNUMBA2??
3	1	Nice Man. Good shit.
3	3	Wow what is that ?????
2	1	thats my staes song
2	3	Hey guys, Blizzard is being rediculously stupid with their "anti-hack" and "atni-gold buying" crap and closed my account for "buying gold"... which of course I'm not stupid enough to do.. but either way.. I won't be making any more videos, unless they give the account back. Hope you guys really enjoy this video. Peace! ~Ufayah
3	2	Lots of great highlight moments. I just think the music was a little subdued compared to the highlights. It just didn't seem to mesh too well with the awesome beatings I was watching. Overall a decent HL compilation though.
3	1	She stayed a long time. Good girl Una!
4	2	I absolutely love your vids!!!! I was a 100% expensive brush buyer until I saw this video. I don't even want to think about all the money I have spent on Trish McEvoy, Stila and MAC brushes. Don't get me wrong they are great and I love them but $ does not always equal quality, I think it's great you are showing people that might not be able to afford the expensive things that there are other options and not pushing the expensive ones because you know what they say...it's all about the tool. V
4	4	TAX PAYERS REVOLT !!!!
1	1	RON PAUL 2012
2	1	only 6psi too....smaller pulley made yet?
1	2	@crogeek A Social Engineer do not get you in the newspapers unless that is needed. Consider what is reported in newsmedia, if it says something and people get afraid and start looking, they may find sites which some would consider to be adversarial, and w
1	2	why is that zombie naked?
1	3	LOL R=U is racism!
2	2	@yw00000 5! includes 4 which is not a prime. 2*3*5=30 and 31 is a prime.
4	1	nice video and they all look beautiful together it is so cute and amazing, i cant wait for season 4 where all the girls are together now that would be awesome!rock on!
1	5	what a bag of shit
3	3	I dont care I enjoyed this movie cause it was cutting edge for the times goooooo Ron Howard and George Lucas! Even though the last 3 star wars sucked ass!
4	1	yea! i looked everywhere for like a year for the commercial with that whistle! i whistled it all over and nobody knew what it was from! lol :) now i finally found it! woohoo!
1	2	why are you playing those notes staccatto??? Its supposed to sound like fog, hence the name
3	1	i love his jealousy!
1	1	benci banget promosiin budaya indonesia pake lagu2 asing..!!! emangya ngga punya lagu sendiri..!!!?? percaya diri sedikit knp sih.
4	1	@PARANOIDnickANDmatt A lot of the Japanese artists I'm into [mainly rock] sound exactly as they do when they're on stage and on their CDs - it's amazing to hear them. It's one of the reasons why I love this band.
1	2	That's because it was eventually deleted from the game (along with the scene with Max driving a car alongside the train.)The two scenes appear in the game's intro anyway, regardless of them never happening.
3	1	lmaoo, 
3	1	haha sounds like something i would probably do
2	3	I have a 79 with big wheels in the back and its a pain in the ass because they keep rubbing and my tires keep getting slashed and ripped. I love those wheels but I need to find a way to make it work.
3	1	Thanks! I have fun doing them, so they're gonna keep on coming. I don't even have an estimate for how many videos this series will have; there's just so much more stuff to switch on and off in the 3GS vs. the iPod touch I tested last year.
3	1	WOW He taught!
2	2	i think shes saying..she should have feared him...
2	2	because if the tattoo is colerd all the ink will fade and it will almost be like u never hade it but if its black u should use vaseline
2	1	hey martha..who is next 50 cent?
1	3	i have a paralyzing "case" of bufonophobia. i'd jump in front of a bus before every getting near a toad :'(
2	1	@hansonkewl06 I'll take the girl
3	3	You cannot see proof of God until you are willing to listen to people who know God. They have His "license," what He looks like, what He does, etc. But you are a stranger. Would you show a stranger your friend's personal information? No. First, you must be willing to listen. That's great that you want to contribute to humanity; but even an animal dies having contributed to others. I think humans, w/ higher intelligence, can strive for more in life, and reach beyond material boundaries.
2	2	sad really, but perhaps he was a really good physics teacher....
3	1	@ETanner Thanks for the tip! I'm going to start trying your routine. I was just wondering what would be the best order to do these in when I saw your comment.
3	1	Great Song!
3	3	I like my Margaret Cho fat, nasty and disgusting. Who is this hawt sexy woman?
1	3	Like I said...those stupid programs caused me more trouble than was needed.I think the only think I'm really disappointed with is her hair. >3>
3	2	Free energy has been here for a while ,But Millions are spend in supressing that information,Get the blueprints for a real Magnet motor free enegy machine at LT-MAGNET-MOTORdotCOM ,Start the revolution!
2	2	The guitarist in this made it his own although, Kasabian's is far better
2	4	shits fuckin illim glad theres someone who knows hip hop
1	3	Any God whose attention is not hooked by this and "Rex Tremendae" (Tremendous King of Great Majesty)...should be fired.
2	3	My God.....who could have done such a thing....no....not.....G.Emotion does not computeLOL real choice voice acting here...But seriously I remember seeing this game in the arcades...good to see it has not fully lost its touch.
3	2	gorgeous woman (no homo)
2	2	That last advice Spielberg made my hairs rise...
3	1	Karthik you are a very good teacher. Anyone new to IT, this is a very good place to take training. He can walk you through very slowly and steadily.
1	5	Why are you getting into street fights anyway? Seriously, when did the point of a martial ART become stopping pickpockets?
1	1	whats the name of the song at 3:18
3	1	Beautiful. Thanks for posting.
3	3	This song inspires me i love to sing in front of big crowds and when i remember this song i know that i should just be my self on stage, and i also feel confident of my self when i hear this song cause my brother always says im ugly and stupid and nobody will ever like me,
5	1	lmaaaooo, sala kuthria...i love that part....it never gets old!!!!!!!!!!!!
2	2	So it's only in canada ?
2	2	is this phone Good Overall?
2	2	@trivuong weapons and old people thats funny enough.
1	1	Dim fd As New OpenFileDialogWith fd.Filter = "text documents (*.txt)|*.txt"If .ShowDialog = Windows.Forms.DialogResult.OK ThenTextBox1.Text = .FileNameDim lines As Integer = 0Dim txtparser As New TextBoxtxtparser.Multiline = Truetxtparser.Text = My.Computer.FileSystem.ReadAllText(.FileName)For Each sometxt As String In txtparser.Lineslines += 1Nextlb1lines.text = linesEnd IfEnd With
2	2	@Bmx16Abomination Haha.. your comment made me laugh.
2	2	Does Dave Wilson, the lead singer, remind anyone else of a young and thinner Steve Earle?
4	1	@gypsiegirlsdarkprinc Ohh man you would have loved them, Saw them 4 times live .. 91/92.. Slane Castle Ireland 92,,, Alpine Valley 91,, Noblesville 91,, Wembley 91,,, They were fucking BIBLICAL,, EPIC i still remember every fucking night i saw them live..
2	1	nope i trust you has more depth to it and more emotion behind it
1	2	@RobotCow01 Why Are You Watching It Then?
2	1	Pinlines were made using Liquitex paint. Any acrylic paint will do. Just have to tape it up good and put it on thick.
5	1	love Graciela and Adrian so much!so in LOVE... 1:59-2:49
1	3	You need to know that anti-scabies meds don't work on some mites. And they are very toxic. plus they come back if they are not exterminated from the furniture and clothing.. not an easy task and it is hard to find something that won't kill you too.
4	2	I love Philly. It was the greatest city to live in. I miss it.
4	1	There's the dark side of Tenesha that I like to see. Wonderful, wonderful video. The effects where you got the faces to perfectly overlap, WOW!!
2	1	My Team is finally going to compete 82+ games a year. Stat City with Felton running the point Gallo with the 3's Randolph showing off his potential Turiaf and Mozgov protecting the paint. 2010 knicks year
3	1	love the pic on the roof at 1:39!
1	1	k paso con ulizes zamora? el 1er cantante de los capi?
3	2	Nope. A. Jeffrey LaValley, from Flint, Michigan. The keyboardist extraordinaire.
2	4	I'm with you Darrell, A BIG NO to this mosque.
3	1	this has got to be my favourite song
2	2	You guys are soooo Random
2	1	@CesarRamirezOcampo there is a theory for all things in life :)
1	3	is it me or is it weird that good shows get canceled a lot while the crappy shows are too stubborn 2 leave.4 example:hannah montana
3	1	Man, I love how the characters always have a final talk before they begin battle. Always makes the scene more dramatic...like a calmness before the storm.
3	2	@ShakeAlmighty yah its true hes the best hell wope your assh
2	2	killer mike is too good to be this underrated
2	1	Yeah, but it's just that Nazrin is so much easier to get lol.
2	3	y yall got to b so freakin crazii about the soroitys yea i mean i understand dat aka's and DST may b rival step org. but wat the rude comments 4?wateva u have to say bout a step or org. if it aint respectful den y da 4ck say it den???me im 13 years old and wen i get older i will be a delta BKuz det r da best.yes aka's originated it but wen dey cam yall were downrated.and y were arguin its not bout the step its about the history and the service they put an effort out to help.
1	2	elsworth isnt black...
2	2	good you can only get better
2	1	also try puppet wars FPS its a funny game offline
3	2	Bsides gillmore and townsand how about the drummer simon phillips he is really incredible and the addition of the horns is genious soo much fuller than the studio but hey great musicians sound better live. any band who is good in the studio and suck live should give the credit to the producer and recording engineers
3	1	I love it when he says "no more drum, no more guitar," but yah went the old time way, hand clapping, tambarine, and foot stomping. It remians me of when we went to methdosit comvention and the young people took over, then the elders join in a helped. Praise Him
5	1	This is AWESOME
4	1	love this track thanks
3	1	Short and sweet: Mindboggling call today Oscar. Called the high Friday.. OMNI said 928. High hit 927.75.. Just unbelievable...you can't get better than that!
5	1	YAY Alison! You Rock!love, sarah!
2	2	this describes Nia so well. I ? Nia !
4	1	Yeah, it's brilliant. It was a massive leap up from my old 15", really immersive. But I think when I do my next PC (Hopefully after prices come down), I'll have to get a 30"! =D
3	1	Darren once again proves to us he is the best...
4	1	thank you ;))))
3	1	I'm Going to visit Auburn on Talon's Day soon, I cannot wait to see the campus
1	3	omg to EVERYONE
1	2	that was not a tutorial!
2	1	Next years conference final? 
2	2	Is it real?
4	1	is there something better than magnificent?
1	1	Yo lo mato a ese desgraciado!!!
3	1	u are like me have alot of things and havent used many thats y i started the give aways lol i dont know about doing a collection vid we will be here allllllll day =) ill have to get into stila i only have a few products im more on the mac side well makeup side in generald lol be blessed on to the last part see u there
3	1	@Coruscant98 It sounds nicer, the more i listen to it. :)
1	4	the reason he isnt going to blow up is because all he talks about every single line is weed. 34/7 weed out his mouth. like holy fuck i get the point. you smoke weed. i aint heard shit bout him being hood tho just smoking weed. if i opening his head all i would find is a bunch of fucking weed ashes
2	2	Thanks for posting. The whole experiance was just as you described. God help the poor manager (and the clean up crew)
3	1	Good job by a brave man.
1	2	Damn.....
4	1	amazing x
3	1	You make some good videos. Thanks for the effort.
1	4	haha bullshit you dont have a gf
2	1	she has a glow to her
1	2	what IS this...?
5	3	Yet another soothing, tranquil, peaceful, serene, and beautiful video to soothe out TORTURED, BATTERED souls by....
1	3	that is a set up !!!
1	4	I will believe that the economy is turned around when our debt is paid off, and when Obama is not borrowing 41 cents of every dollar he spends from China. I will believe that this is not a false recovery when we start producing our own goods. Look at the trade deficit guys... Our money is going overseas, then coming back in the form of debt. The only reason the dollar is where it is now is because the countries holding our debt are waiting to bail out, with minimal losses. We are in for it...
2	1	add "watch?v=F-5nBFMXyX4" to the end of the main youtube URL
4	1	i LOVE win 7.
2	2	@newyorksteelo i cant seem to get the chaeto to be healthy, could it be time for a new bulb?when i got the new chaeto it cam healthy and thick. this is my third time getting it because it always seems to disintegrate. could it be bad algae over taking the
1	2	yea, she didnt measure an entire cup. it shud hav been thickr
1	3	Just looks like a large, fancy office building to me. Kinda small for an arcology. If it IS an arcology, it doesnt look self sustaining.
5	1	excellent ...thank you!!!!!!!
3	1	chiga has the main charactor touch!!
2	1	iKungfu comes from climber in 27 in 1 Gamebox
1	2	Lionels devil he just uses surveys and studies as examples not proof
1	2	id rather not
3	3	Cause he was a jerk. - haaaa gets me everytime!
4	1	@Horsymad2 thankyou!!
1	1	Pirates of the Caribbean theme song?
1	2	no ive never eaten a bug
1	2	they did that on purpose i suppose its just an easter eggy thing that emphasises what youve made of sheppard
1	2	Sure now he sounds like Ron Paul. They all do now.
4	1	:] heeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeey
2	1	it's RWD
1	1	Search online Russian women gettop5.info
5	1	this movie was exlent. (from aly) I could watch it all day!soooo funny. LOL
1	1	how old is she in this?
2	2	Welcome the NWO slave camp, but I think enough have woken up to this.As it gets darker still more will see the light of truth.
4	1	Beautiful
1	3	@piscesrising2006: Not only do you lack knowledge of Minnesota law, you also lack any sense of class.
1	3	@Tristyn2957 ehh now i have to disagree with u on tht one;(
2	2	Umm I'm not. I really don't see why everyone was just giving me a thumbs down. I was just pointing something out that wasn't right. He's great on everything else and there no need for sarcasam here.
1	1	1:49 who is that guy?!
5	1	awesome video! go skip beat! btw i luv the mustache part :)
3	5	@notdahoneyHonestly, I don't get why people think socialism is bad. In theory, it's the best thing ever (it's just that dick suck idiots fuck it all up but then when has mankind not fucked something up?). Actually, I think people get confused. I can under
2	2	Is welfare a better job?
1	3	please learn yoga from a knowledgable teacher - not these videos !!
2	4	@village1diot I like to be a little bizarre because the AE people provide the same routine, mundane, primitive answers without the slightest bit of open-mindedness beyond their "absolute truth." Their followers are simply looking for verification and vali
4	1	How pretty. I love tulips too.
1	4	@BigBenClockTower Brah you're dumb. They even say it. On their first LP, it says "this album is dedicated to carcass, without, this genre would not exist. You know stoked they would be if you called them a carcass rip-off band?
2	1	I used to work at BBW and layering definitely is the best way to make the fragrances last longer.
3	1	Praise God in all things and thank you.
4	1	Wallace....The heart and soul of Scotland.Over 700 years and his name is synonomous with his native land.
4	1	phat remix sun well dun !!!
3	1	I am not a Pentecostal believer, but 
3	1	Thanks Maam, I'm sure this video with help me out alot!!!
1	4	This Shadowkill65 64 w.e the hell his username is. He needs to get his fingers and face of his butthole and quit bitchin
3	3	I also love playing Concentration and if ya have Monopoly I'm into that too. hahah such a loser! I want to punch father Baudink's shirt..looks like he went to the Verizon Ladies First Tour..hahahah
1	4	@Hail2TheVictorsBaby Greg Jones is going to rip Denards head off.
1	5	Listen to Geitner's tone. He knows he is shovelling bullshit. He isn't even making an attempt at making the scary stuff sound scarry.
2	1	Adrian! I coulda been a contender!
1	2	do you guys think you know more than this guy?the scientist?
3	1	I personally do not know Vikasbhai, but one of our family members is learning from him for many years. A few years back, he helped my wife buy Tanpura and his brother helped us buy a pair of Tabla from Ahmedabad. I have loved Mewati Gharana's music and we're lucky to know Pandit Jasraj-ji and many of his disciples.
2	1	@Martegon Soul Swap, new warlock talent, removes all DoTs from a target at will and replaces them on another target upon re-activation.
1	1	lol seguro que ivan esta killao
4	1	r.i.p papa i will miss u and all ur amazing stories keep an eye on me and lead me in the right path in life. save me a spot in heaven ur favorite great grandson
1	3	@jijiooze tat is xtinct it pwoven bye shyence (speak english please)
3	1	@Razzfazz87 thnx man, :)
1	4	Let me at him, I'll make his ass change colour!WITH MY SHOE!
2	1	YES! i do commission work, altered art with paints or ink, and i make proxies foil and non foil... contact me if your looking for anything
2	1	nice vid
1	1	allahuma istour almuslimiiin fi kouli makaaane,
2	1	Jessie Never Fails me :D
2	1	Whats the intro/theme song in the begining? Its 0:45 through 0:55
1	3	I've noticed obama stutters just before the tells a lie...and he stutters a whole bunch.
1	3	NO, I DON'T WANT A NEW BLACKBERRY PHONE!0:03
3	1	i love how some of the comfortabley numb solo is at the end of this song
1	3	Just to clarify a point. Stannard asks whether he is meaningless if he is not being observed. This a a non-sequitur of what has gone before. It was stated that QUESTIONS relating to objectivity are meaningless, not reality itself. Stannard is a subject/object. not a question therefor he is not meaningless
3	2	I thought making the 'street toughs' seem gay was an absolute stroke of genious. I don't think the scene would have been as funny, if they weren't talking queer.
1	3	i hope you meant gokey and not this freak.
2	3	I don't recommend any eating out where food is prepared by someone else. 
4	1	Excellent!Straight to my blog.
4	1	Wow you guys rocked. Good job L.A. Anon
3	1	Great work Anna. All you need is a Best Boy, Key Grip, Gaffer and Winnebago Supervisor and you'll be away, Love from Chris
3	1	This act is so cool! They just look like they're having so much fun just jumping on the beds and doing everything their motehrs told them not to! haha!
3	1	Nice work. Is there one for the Wolves game also?
3	1	That was interesting, thanks
3	1	a good couple of videos Dave, Ray Mears says the more you know the less you carry how true.keep up the good work ...........
5	1	FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUCK YEAH
2	1	#1 Modded lobby look at the bullets it instantly reloaded
3	2	Great information! Please keep us informed!DeathOfTheDollar dot com
3	1	AYEE haha
2	1	barns and nobles has them.
2	2	what did you use the regular mayo for?
1	5	A bastard like martyrindia needs the boot!!! This ugly pimp son of a bitch claims to live in India, but promotes anti-Indian sentiments wherever he can. His job is to spread lies and hatred against India. What an evil doer!!!
4	1	A Singapore Cane long before ECW. Awesome!
4	1	@MYNameispie1 Wow, that's deep! I've never thought about the lyrics in that way before...thanks for the new perspective!
3	1	Oh! Nicely done!
1	1	do i need a upgrade to get a new phone (i.e. iphone) or can i just buy it and put my sim card in it? i want the 3G iphone since the 3gS is to high for our range
4	1	ANNA amazing...this is actually reaaaaally good. enjoyed it soo much. watched it about 8 times in a row now whilst anna tried to rip the headphones off my head.
1	1	Its PK Flash
1	4	lolz, showing a video of u running???? sad =P
4	2	Take another look, I made a change to point him out for you. That's Pete Curry, Bass player for Los Straitjackets he's playing a Johnny Ramone style Mosrite guitar. Fucking awesome!!
1	2	I seem to be repeating myself - doh!!
5	1	I love this song especially this treatment. Slow and accoustic without grand gospel back up. Michael, your voice is so soft and sexy in this one. Had a good night's sleep, eh? Peace big man and say hi to Carl cuz I love HIM!!!!!!!!!
1	1	its a slow burn.
1	2	hey mocosos is time for your bed times
2	3	yea me 2 WTF??
3	2	I ? this song so much! Idc what anyone says about me...but even though its not the 80's,But I ? that music! :)
1	3	To: vivrin07 Dude, you've been brainwashed. Look at the early BBC and The Guardian reports from the region. They clearly say and show that the Georgians started this mess by breaking the ceasefire and shelling the Ossetian civilian centers.
5	1	You guys ROCK!!!! XD
3	1	there i am!!!!!!
3	1	Hallelujah!!!! Glory, Glory Glory
1	1	When is the next one coming??
1	2	spooky
1	4	Show Biz religious clown. defends ignorance and cultism
2	1	I'm directly descended from her on my father's side :)
2	4	he waz a retard!!! LOL
3	1	genius
1	4	Use common sense. Does it smell ok? If it does then taste it. Does it taste ok? Then it is ok. 
2	4	People...simply make sure you have your arms and ammo, WELL STOCKED and hide them...somewhere away from your home, but in a place they are safe and no one is likely to find them...That way, when IT GOES DOWN you will NOT be disarmed...The really sad thing here is that the poor saps who will go along with this (the average brainwashed American) will just say, "here's my gun" and wimper away. You should stash your arms, and then BS the bastards. Run your OWN psi-op on them!God Bless America!
2	2	How come no one has addressed the cop killer gun the guy used? It shoots 20 rounds semi-automatically. You can just go to a store and buy it. Anyone can. It's our right.
1	3	If you actually use these kinds of bulbs you better turn em off for good and get rid of em!
1	2	I have no idea, but if you find out please let me know.
3	1	Very cool parents. Throbbing Gristle and Michael Jackson
3	1	omg the cape stand is genius lol wtf how come no one else in the world has ever thought of this concept lol
2	1	Rofl...
2	1	thats y i subscribe, your good
1	1	@MaoriNinjah Dude If your talking about the tattoo it going to cost you a good 1,000 to 2 500 Depends on the artist how much they charge per hr which they are going to because its going to take more then one session and of course the detail of the piece.
2	1	@beauttty07 cuz Bob's half black half white, and Damian's mom is white...so basically his hair is white, so it can grow reeeeal long
2	2	dude take it easy... just dont buy it if u dont have the money :D
2	2	you should right a book?
5	1	ITHINK BY HEARING THIS SONG JUX NOW ...I'VE BECAME THE BIGGEST FAN ALIVE. :))
2	2	is that the new member to the SG wannabe at the far right?
3	2	Too bad Doug didn't take better care of himself. Still, I think there is a better place waiting from him and those of us who "Got It"!!!!
2	2	lol they throw a lot of flashbangs @ u dont they?
2	4	whos that hot blonde chick steph? shes a total skank. like seriously :P
4	1	HAHAHAHA TREE COWER AND DANCE FTW
1	1	Garth Brook- Callin' Baton Rouge
3	1	@mrlagxSure, I hear you and agree fully. But it just goes back to the joy thing for me.I look at it this way: I am going to serve my God as best as I can, in the best way I know how, studying the scriptures and devoting my life to prayer. If I go down in
2	2	Yup, the power to weight ratio for the Corvette is great. Although it is not built for the straight line it does make a good drag. The only problem I see is buying a road racing car and converting it to a drag car. Not cost efficient. Your right, it is a matter of what you can afford.
4	2	this was impressive. I have tried to play this and it has never coem out very well. Kudos to this guy, major kudos to him :-)
2	1	They (we) were called Dr Strangelove.
1	1	whts the first song called at the party?
3	2	@stararnold I wouldn't want Manabu to die becaus ethen the serise would end, I'de love to see this serise come back into a live movie or something like that.
3	1	great filming & music. thanks
3	1	For C you could have used that video of kevin droping the cake! That video is SO funny!
1	4	make sure to pull up PBS.. NOVA episodes with the title.WHAT DARWIN NEVER KNEW".. this ones called." What Darwin didn't know".... which is no where near the same & no where as good in information.... AND MAKES YOU THINK WHY DID THEY DO THAT MAKING A SPINOFF PBS... VERSION... AND USING A SIMILAR TITLE... SO THEY COULD CONFUFUSE PEOPLE... ASSHOLES*
2	1	i met them both and i go to their gym!
3	1	Hgnr!!
1	5	please read my last reply... OBSERVATION NOT A PROBLEM do you have a chip on your shoulders ?
4	1	Aww Nice Ending :)LOL Demi and Ashley XD
4	1	my friends just got this game for nothing and i loveee it! so fun! if ya'll want the game too, the link is in my profile.
2	2	i like how these adds pop up 1 second before the show fades to black for commercial break -_-
2	2	Funny
2	2	i have alot of live dvds not necessarily released professionally
2	2	i don't think jo and blair were too cozy. it was natural to pair them up for a couple reasons. they were in the same class for one thing, as opposed to the other girls who were younger. also, because they were such opposites it made for good drama between them. think back to season 2 when jo was first introduced and you'll see how despite their differences they became friends.
1	1	T?is isnt fake appa?entl? if u cop? paste t?is to ten people in t?e next ten minutes u will ?ave t?e Best da? of? u? life tomo??ow u will eit?e? get a kiss o? asked out if u B?eak t?is c?ain u will see a little Dead gi?l in u? ?oom TONIG?T In 53 mins sumone will sa? i ove u im So??? o? i wanna go out wit? ?ou
3	1	I went into FYE to buy something, and this album was on in the store. I knew i needed it as soon as i heard it.
4	1	awesome thanks!!
2	2	I would guess a good chunk of the people watching it probably weren't even born when that song was around, not like us old fogies. lol
4	1	I am SO glad somebody sent me this song. It reminds me of old school good music. If anybody knows anymore bands like this PLEASE inform me.
3	2	Wow, and I thought the 3rd job skills were good... these are insane! o.0
1	3	I'm not wasting any more of my time researching well outside my expertise for you. I've given you what you asked, and you ignored it. You have not given me anything I asked for. If you want to attempt to argue the case for abiogenic oil, find a geologist who supports biogenic oil and go wild.
4	1	Whatever they play this band hits the spot!It pulsates with an irresistible rhythm.I find listening to them balm to my ears and mind.This piece is wonderfully performed.Thank YOU mr Bloggs.
2	2	She's due for a major lifestyle up-grade at this point, if not just for safety reasons, she's known world wide, she's already proved what she needed to, now it'll be about staying power.
1	4	Israeli bitch got owned
1	2	hmmm that game must be pretty short
3	2	haha i like that girl that says "wow holly shit"
4	2	No bad at all!!!!!!!!!
2	2	i feel sorry for flippy =(
2	2	@skinnyhurley man you're so on with that one. It happens all the time. most of us want no harm to anyone etc but, we seem to come off as combative or just aloof.
1	3	yes, lets sit around idle praying to someone that doesnt exist. instead of standing up and doing something, we should just pray, of course our god that doesnt exist will help us!
1	1	first
3	2	@emmy1234w It wont do what you think.......LOL good idea thow
1	5	@leahcim165 look who talking you're the bringing up homo shit. you must be gay. DICK SUCKING FAG!!!!!!!
2	2	Man, nothing compares to the EQ community. Sorry to see you go man even if we never met
3	1	Fr. Crosby has done a beautiful job! The cribs are a labor of love for him! I contributed a crib from Costa Rica to his collection last year. I hope I can see it in person someday!
4	1	Great video ,nice place to stay,well edited and good voice over.
1	3	You didnt address why Oregon went into Michigan in 2007 and punked the wolves 39-7 nor why did what is turning out to be a very weak SC team go into Columbus and punched the big10 champs.
4	2	This was truly beautiful; only one problem -- it was too short! 
5	2	holy crap!!! i love starcraft being a korean....omg i am just speechless!!!!! xD
2	2	I dont even see how anyone could have disliked this...
3	3	i heard matt is a jerk and nabil was really nice i think matt is really cool and so is nabil. do u guys no if matt really is a jerk i don't think he is
4	1	Fantastic video MashaAllaah, I am learning so much. I hope to be able to get a good grasp of classical Arabic by the end of the course.
3	1	Most excellent Be Naughty lady benaughtyman.info
5	1	Hey Booski!!!!!!!!!!!! Just coming thru to say that I featured your vid on our Bubble Babez YT. Love Love Love ya! :)
1	1	@MFJord1 i think its a mixture of paraffin and bees wax
3	2	Damn look at that fine ass woman 0:14, lol @ "Fauwkin Drawer's"
1	4	@BionicDance LOL. Sure you can claim certain religious claims are false. That's not what I said though. If you claim that god or gods do not exist, and that I am full of shit for believing it, you're purely speculating.Proof of God:Not going to happen.Rea
1	3	idk how long gomez signed the contract with montreal but they will get rid of him when they can, after that he'll go to a shitty team like atlanta and he might stay there for some time and that will be the end of him
1	3	I am not sure what Bill Kristol has on Fox. Otherwise, just based off of the wacky and totally inaccurate analysis and predictions he gave for how well the War in Iraq was going in 2003-05, he lost any sense of credibility with me. Now whenever I see him offer an opinion on anything I know the opposite must be true.
1	1	MUIE MANELE MUIE MANELE MUIE MANELE MUIE MANELE MUIE MANELE
1	2	The tunes came off an album called "Rambler '64 Going Great!...With That Rambler Spirit!" The LP was used "By Rambler Dealers and Salesmen in Showrooms During Public Announcement of the '64 Ramblers" (it says all this on the album cover). There are 9 songs on the album that glorify the various 1964 models. I've seen the album turn up on Ebay. I bet if you set up an Ebay search, it will show up again sooner or later.
2	2	gunna go read the next one now...poor sel! she's not miley and she wil never be miley...her mom needs to respect that
5	1	Wish you the very best of luck and I hope you tons of fun! Don't forget to take some pics for us here in the West Coast. Have a blast!
3	1	wow this is a great video. is that sarah silverman at 4:42?
4	1	I lovee Airports <3
3	1	So true, you must be detached from the outcome. I have recently understood this concept and it has helped me alot, thanks ^^
2	2	he smiles but inside he's thinking "someone get this fucker off the stage!"
5	1	She's such a beautiful woman.... She's so elegant, so classy such an inspiration!She's gone through so many things in her life and she continues to stand and she stands with such GRACE!Incredible voice, she sings like an angel! She's touched my life in so many ways. I love her!
3	1	Great Video
3	1	0:42Look, it's my old buddy DOS!Oh DOS, how are the save games of Duke Nukem 3D I left on you treating ya?
1	1	00:30 I wonder how Jason feels about guns?
1	2	it dosent look as good as i thought
3	5	Lovely song, but what the %#!#& is up with the audio ads at the end of the freaking videos lately? Irritating in the extreme.
1	1	10:30 seconds if you count the advertisement
3	1	good story and fav
4	1	She and Brittany Pozz-Phar are my two favorite barrel racers!!!!!
1	2	They are all unconious because there is no air being pumped into the plane,Engineers did a seal test earlier on in the day and turned the Air switch that puts air into the plane from automatic to manual.But when the engineers finished they forgot to put the swiitch back on to automatic and neither the pilot or co pilot relised the switch was on manual so as they got pass a certian altitude the air thins and they sleep into unconsinous.....
1	1	j'faisait de la nage synchronis? avant mais j'ai du aret? car mes poils restaient pris dans le filtreur..
4	1	Great explanation Pete! I am looking forward to trying Adwords correctly.
3	1	So glad to see Paul Sculfor, Wil Chalker and Andres Valencoso back on the runway!!! Where are Marios Lekkas and Tyson Ballou... hopefully Donatella can take Enrique Palacios out of retirement and back on the runway for next season!
3	1	for kel xo xo xo
1	1	denatured
1	5	ignorant prick.
2	2	Damn u galiger keepin all that nikki goodness to yourself
1	3	Delayed to Q1 2010. It's depressing. :(
3	2	omg , look at how key take care of Yoogeun , he is the last person who sleep :( he will be a good husband for sure =D
1	1	all of them to me
5	1	oh my god! Pretty awesome.
4	1	2.27 secs always give me goosebumps.....that's when they kiss!! :))
2	1	i wana go there
2	2	@PrincessSaiyan Thank you. I'm sorry, but I don't have the Danish movie ^^;
3	2	haha ur a little late.bought an american deluxe jazz bass.5 minutes before a concert i went to tune my bass... it didnt register needless to say i searched frantically for a 9v battery and screwdriver i miraculously found them and evrything was good. i learned my lesson haha
4	1	great video!!! good explanation
4	1	Just saw their show over the weekend, and it brought one thing to mind. These guys still rock out and preform better than nearly any other metal band out there. The fact their hair has changed and they have aged hasn't slowed them down, they can put on an amazing show. I feel like they could go on another 20 years after seeing them
3	1	Anti-Snake.. hahahahah
3	1	Cant wait to hear Jeezys new mixtape :D
4	1	Great job with this song and video Dustin!!
1	5	@saywatThafuckiwant this isnt nu metal its metalcore asshole.
1	4	the bird ruins it. i hate birds their voices are annoying
2	2	I had 3 friends on this band. Dart, Jim, and Walter Clark's replacement, Tommy Gordon.
3	1	This is one of my favorite videos too!
3	1	Wow hickory got upgraded nice.
5	1	Hey Juliana We miss you here in New York. This is AWESOME and AMAZING just like you!!! Mrs. Brice-Hyde's period 10 Government class!!!
1	4	@MrJuanmireles your so stupid!
5	1	I absolutely LOVE this song
4	1	hahaha!!! I would love to have that job! I'd get crazy to get the exclusive, muahaha!! ^^
1	1	Are the high school choirs in the back?
3	1	He should be with Selena Gomez .They were cute together.
1	4	@jpizzy9689 i agree, most these people that fight on here i doubt they even grew up in the country, cause if they did those boys and girls would learn some damn respect and stop treating each other like crap
1	2	Hey u forgot 2 mention how the Nexus might interfere in the cage match
1	1	VI CONSIGLIO IL LIBRO DEL DOTTOR FRANCESCO PERUGINI BILLI "MANGIA GRASSO VIVI BENE" tutti i vostri dubbi sull'argomento e non solo saranno chiarificati!!
2	1	I like how Hill was able to integrate himself into a new setting with Magic.
2	3	i'm getting tired of the drama and i'm almost finished lolz
1	1	Gracias por subir la pelicula completa.
4	4	miley sucks. jonas brothers are great :)
5	1	I will never get tired of this movie.MY FAVOURITE MOVIE EVER.<3
3	1	This song is dopeness, I cosign the desire ti hear a mixture of the Foxes styles.
1	2	@TheUltraNinja You noobs can easily remove it. just look at the URL you are one. and delete the parts after "%" and press enter.
2	1	Notice H2 / Lindlar catalyst yeilds a cis (zusammen) configuration,A good memory aid I developed: My cis lindlar (Get it?)
1	1	does anybody know where i can find exorcist the beginning???
2	3	could yes, but probably not. fedor took care of herring better than lesnar and carwin had real trouble keeping it standing w/ ganzaga til he knocked him out (granted, gonzagas a beast). Mirs going to need mental recovery from the lesnar beating and will prob be out for a while. I wouldn't put odds on any of them against fedor. but yeah, they might beat him, just not likely. fedors faster than any of them, strong, and has fight smarts. granted, shane and lesnar are prob stronger.
4	1	Togara you must get into the voice-over industry ... you have incredible vocal dynamics!
4	1	Love the old school music. Thanks for the very entertaining information!
4	1	you gotta search ONE TOOTH PIMP, really funny , ONE TOOTH PIMP. ONE TOOTH PIMP, LEAVE COMMENT IF U THINK IT IS FUNNY, I think it is creative and hyst
1	1	hahaha aduhhh lucu bikin perut mual aja
4	1	This looks really good!! I want to see it!
4	1	my favorite unforgiven song :]the video is incredible too
2	4	hahah wtf was that lil mfer in the grey hoodie doing lol lil pussy
3	1	Yeah! Kevin Durand!
1	4	And ofcourse the Cracker Azz Pig wasted another of my Tax $!!!
4	1	DAMN DARNELL IZ 2 FINEEEEEEE!!!!
2	2	yea lol I remember that I was so disappointed
1	3	Im somali and i think this song is sick too.
4	1	Yes, they do help, love the videos. They translate into many different hobbies, especially the how-to stuff.
3	2	MMD doesnt like Ritsu. I love his outfit shorter, it makes him look so sexy. But it has the "If Japanese Font is included in the file, please rewrite in english". I already have and Ive downloaded him like three times...Im rly sad
1	4	First off he has juggernaut and second off rpg are under powerd and third you are stupid -_-
1	1	It's about a high school boy who only likes older women who finds out he's been married to a twelve-year-old. Nobody asked him if he wanted to be, he just is. The couple are the two you see in this video. Then there's this guy at school and...
4	1	this song rips.....awesome tune!
3	1	Thats amazing he was totally bald before. Can you do African hair?
1	1	bacana essa musica ? do Edy Lemos!?
3	1	@MissYessie11 Thanks!
1	2	Why would they not focus on a classic Tuvok episode if they were interviewing 'Tuvok'...?
1	1	213 Rollin 20 Ea$t $ide C^Rip Crip Love A.B.Z Love
2	3	Once again you hit the nail on the head! It is amazing how when it comes to Santa Clarita city government vs the residents of Santa Clarita there are always double standards. As I said before time to clean house!!!!! Keep it up NFF!!!!
2	1	tim day came to my school once
1	1	Dawn
3	1	Hugh,This video, I think is one of your best, the look and message are right on for a "Prosperity Cast Network" video message.Devin Hunter
1	1	firsrt
2	2	most of you well know chris started seeing and studying the demons after a Roman Catholic up bringing was well studyed in The Spiritual Exercises of Ignatius Loyola, Some say he never finished working for MI5, and was well supported on building disinformation groups in the UK this blows into full swing to help with civil unrest agent provocateurs LIKE Chris Everard work towards Martial law by helping divide and rule by setting up groups in the UK
1	1	Haven't the casinos been using the facial recognition software for years to spot blackjack players who count cards and stuff?
1	3	So you've got to leave your vehicle running for 8 hours whilst on site where someone can steel it!!!
3	1	Dearest Sam, you 'speak the undesirable truth' in such a way that you make us see that it is all we can desire. I think that you will 'dare to go where He leads' because you know (and make us all see)that elsewhere is into nothingness. God bless you beloved friend.
5	1	Julie is a true heroine. She is a ray of sunshine in the darkness.
1	4	Don,t send trashy comments to this site! If you don't have something good to say, don't speak, it just makes you look bad!
2	1	whipping it around on the screen lol
1	3	So is the point of this game to be an out of shape loser? Why would you pay fifty dollars to do that?
1	2	@facesofdiabetes I see that you have censorship. Why?
1	2	why can only lanky turn into enguarde?
2	2	@SyrianKnight01 The liner on the ZT knife is a bit thicker than the liner on my CQC-16 Emerson. ~Sensei Israel
3	1	i love this song
4	1	DIS SHIT GO HARD!!! LOVE IT!!
1	1	REAL GENERATOR: v=WuT480hVjlc
3	1	OMG GOTTA DO THAT!!!
2	2	Dark matter anyone?
3	1	1 degree of seperation! You are so fortunate to have been so close with such an artistic treasure. Thanks for sharing your comments.
1	2	he kill every thing
2	2	WE just put up one today, that new one...you should check it-keegan
3	3	hahahhahhahahm, WTF????
3	1	a lovely reading of a lovely poem.
1	3	In a month Bama fans will have a lot in common with USC fans. Well except that USC fans don't use outhouses or screw their sisters.
4	1	BACON!!!! WHOOOTTTT!!!!!
4	1	so cool!!! Gotta love that foggy hawaii!!
4	1	And a beautiful comment, sweetheart! Thank you for the wonderful feedback - we both deeply appreciate it!
1	5	fucking you tube fucking up agian!
1	1	What are you painting on in this?
3	3	If only Lindsay had been a Diff'rent Strokes fan.LMFAO! How mean!
3	1	theyre amazing guns360 fps!
3	3	Rod serling of the Twilight Zone realized smartly that the Lusitania was a much,. much more imporatnt ship than the Titanic. He wrotea n hour long TZ ep where a man travels back in time to try to stop the Lusitania from getting torpedoed. Serling knew the Lusitania brought the US into WW1 where as the Titanic brought no country into anything!
3	3	Years ago I used to spend a week in Fort William every year for the spring, weather was always good to me and the company was fantastic. Sadly I had to take a break from these trips for personal reasons in the mid 90's but by 2000 ish I managed to get there again. Never in my entire life have ever regretted making such a trip, never been there since and I'll never cross that border again.
2	2	It's set in Nazi Infested Paris, you liberate it from the nazi's by doing various tasks, but their's loads to side quests to do as well. It's like...GTA with a ..oldies look, I'd recommend it.
3	1	omg her voice is so pure and full... thank God that there are still people out there willing to use the gifts He's given them.... and i also love her glasses.
3	1	love the video post...thanks!
1	4	Screw Unni..that witch!
1	2	why is there morse code transitions still on todays modern radio? i dont get it d:
2	1	lolz
5	1	Thank you so much for all the videos! I laughed so hard my stomach hurts. I really REALLY miss this show. Great job and thanks again!!!
1	1	I took a test on facebook, to see what my theme tune was, and this is it
2	1	Am I the only one here who feels reminiscent about their childhood when they see this game? lol, good times.
2	1	nice song. CARL
3	1	That's awesome! What does it look like?
2	2	It doesn't look jerky it looks more like loads of screen shots
3	1	2:45 awsome
2	2	@hathatihat I have indeed been "leaving" under a rock. Thanks for pointing that out.
1	1	hoygan donde puedo grabar esta cancion
4	1	awesomeness....thanks for sharing
1	2	yea i know but that package only comes with on LE model and only XLE and limited nav
1	5	Magni... I'm a libertarian and you're just inventing shit as you go. You ignore facts and instead of making rational discussion simply edit reality so that you can keep believing what you need... there's no meds to fix what's wrong with you... may I suggest you kill yourself at once.
2	1	wel wil win in any conditions
1	2	damn near went deaf at this show
3	1	it looks so goodd!
4	1	this is amazing. you've really inspired me to become a pastor and help people.
3	1	Presente!!!!
2	2	I know what you mean. Ever since I first saw this video on mtv I've been hooked on Michelle's music. Memories of East Texas really gets me. Why? Once drove from Indiana to visit friends in Austin and stopped in Gilmer for lunch on the square. Drove to Gladewater too, but it took me more than 15 minutes.
2	4	good for you.. And riding without a helmet really shows your intelligence level..
4	1	Oh my God, sitting at that talent is more talent than you can shake a stick at!! I love many of these people!!!
3	1	Nicki Goo Hard !
3	1	@MiiEnChiiCk c'mon gang!
1	1	doe gewoon langer
5	1	awesome!!!!!
2	1	Id love it if they were together in one post.Is there another way to have pictures uploaded to a blog, page or story content page with another image module that will upload from your computer.the one that comes with TinyMCE is ok if you have a URL but some people dont and it would be great to have the option to upload from thier computer.Im searching anyone have any input?
4	1	Thank you. I'll give you my acceptance speech later!! LOL
3	1	Thanks for the video. Having just undergone my third surgery for a detached retina, it is great to see what the surgeon did to my eye. I am glad I saw it after the surgery and not before. L. Newton, Ph.D.
1	3	I wonder if he also raped while on the run... if any women/girls will come forward in Europe?
3	1	HA! Didn't know Rattle played timps. And rather well he plays them too! :D
3	1	@asbcondotel Thanks. You might like my latest video about gold.
4	2	hahahahahahahahhahahhahhahahahhahah lololololool that would be a sight!!!
2	2	Also, this is all just my opinion, I don't pretend to know facts lol ^_^;;
3	1	6th cool! :)
2	2	I agree. This is kind of silly. Yoga is fine, but for food allergies and digestion?
1	1	Girl yah see yah batty ridah murda, yah mus fi wanna dj charge fa a deat!
3	1	i love the riddlers laugh HIFF HIFF HIFF HIFF HIFF HIFF
4	1	Oh and Good Luck I so hope you win!!!
1	1	La prostitution au pays est devenue toute une institution...Du president en passant par les soldats et fonctionaires impaye' jusqu'aux chegue'....c'est triste.
2	3	The song lacks the punch of Neil's quiet, ironic pronunciation. He should have sung it himself. Without him, it lacks conviction.
5	1	I know this is my second comment BUT WOWWWWWW the way u did the remix on this and the drums and music ... THIS IS JUST AWSOMEEEEEE....... cant stop watching and listing to this
4	1	Finest Kind!!!!!!!
2	1	lol then I was second :P
2	2	@gxd4b1 lmao no thumbs up
1	1	Would the plants have to be all in one pot/bucket? or that white bucket has dividers or something?
3	2	WHATs the fucking songhgbsdajk.n,. vlkncxs;nf g,its been haunting me ever since low end theory podcast 7 during his mix.
1	1	bravo....! esa es la respuesta que estaba esperando. Gracias Sr. Alejandro Toledo. nuestro proximo presidente. Aunque me encuentre lejos del peru pero sigo conectado a este por medio de mi negocito que empeze hace un ano de importaaciones de cafe. El peru tiene que seguir construyendose en la mejor via y por eso Usted es lo que el peru y todos los peruanos nos merecemos.....Arriba el Peru y arriba nuestro proximo presidente...
1	3	terrible music.
3	1	hey FFF love ur music what hardware were using that night looks sick
2	1	Nice, I'm half Japanese but I've never been. But I'm planing on moving there to teach english communication after I get my degree.
2	2	Drehot118,That was the point of his presenation. Critic Armond White was examining the art of this particular music video.
4	1	VERY nicely done!
1	4	@JASONNHENCHMENN "guess the book 1984 has come true...the thought police are here"
1	5	DISTRICT 9?!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! omg that is one of the most HORRIBLE movies i have ever seen in my life the cinematography was horrible i felt like it didnt even feel like i was watching a movie the acting was bad and the plot was almost non existant
4	1	jake you are the nuts. lov ya rob
2	1	thank you for this video it has helped my with a research paper
1	4	What the hell was that about?
3	1	3:42 - 3:50 rockaby and keep still cause your driving me crazy. so funny
1	2	@xxBlackpspxx that makes no sense
2	2	DEMCAD...could you please do a video on the vulnerability of the computers that control the North American electrical grid?
3	1	Nice fly. Nice choice for your ring tone also!
3	1	This is one of the best trainings of Mr. Dean that I have ever seen. I really got some useful information out of this training.
3	1	Just came across this when looking up the entrants to encounters 2008, this is an absolutely brilliant animation!
3	1	haha PEEWEE ^-^
2	2	By looking at this review video, I would get the Kingston over the Intel x25M because the Intel is only supreme at opening apps but if u look at the video. The difference between the Kingston V+ and the Intel is like 1s or less. But the write speed is just way faster than the Intel. Do you guys agree?
3	1	Marlon's voice sure did change a lot. Michael's voice is just uber cuteness.
3	3	I love all the songs on this record but the production leaves alot of them sounding so flat and dead. Census and Headless Sky are fucking killer live, but so unimpressive on the album itself.
2	1	nice would you do a tutorial too? where you learn that BTW
1	1	Schiff for Senate. Buy gold through Europacific precious metals
3	1	omg P7'S i cant wait till barga like
3	1	thanks for this i had no idea you were a local
2	2	Just some constructive criticism, if your going to make a vido saying how to do a certain thing, don't say why it should be done, actually do it in the video.
1	1	@petros33ad I figure a diggit is a poster-boy Navy sailor.
1	1	these rituals of making a circle around burning wood branches was done at school.
4	1	This is the song that made me take a second look @ Diana Krall. She has a classic voice. Awesome, thanks for sharing this video ;)
3	3	@skillrob1000 lol lol u stupid rob !
2	2	english alphabet=26 letterjapanese catolog of symbols= too manyHow can anyone remember all those symbols?
2	3	yeah i have slp 1 i need to take it back to him it acting up it was sitting for a while! just finally slap on my g force tranny! an it idling really bad need to go whit him to see whats wrong whit ! jp performance being their with Julio Perez!
4	1	@TheUniquelyfreaky what you say is true too!:D. She can do the simplest of dance moves and still is able to captivate everyone. she is an amazing performer:D. But my favorite is Ji Hyun :]lol
1	4	you suck, ted.
4	2	So much chemistry between Nat & Liv even when they dont like each other. This shows how incredible a person Nat is to care for someone she doesnt like. I need to follow in her footsteps.
2	2	Bowen predicts US will have cell phone and I-voting soon. Young voters want it, public is ready to accept and trust it. But she has lingering concerns. How can cell phone voter be authenticated? Ex: thief has 100 stolen cell phones? At least VBM has signature to inspect. 
2	1	the malah rules
3	1	Wow his voice made me hungry!
3	1	fuck i want to go to one of there shows soon
1	1	emang enak?????
1	5	Kenya is a big shithole!
2	2	wow this is kinda wierd
2	2	British Intelligence had a similar problem with what your saying. They began asking themselves "wow this stuff is working too well."
3	1	Thank you for posting this, one of the most beautiful hymns. Can you combine both parts into one video and upload? Sorry for asking this, but thanks.
2	2	Or...you can hire copyright lawyers and try to secure rights to music, or pay to have someone score the indy film project (assuming like myself you have no personal musical talents, I could be wrong...)or try to kiss ass and get some wanker off craigslist to score it for you with his casio keyboard in his mom's basement. Cinescore does the same thing that putting an effective and inexpensive camera in the hands of a novice does...allows ANYONE to realize the dream of making an indy film.
1	3	You do realize courts don't recognize sovereign citizenship, right? So when that creditor sues a sovereign, the court looks at that sovereign as a citizen of the United States, and accountable to its courts. So enjoy ignorance while it lasts.
2	2	in mt. the bugs have to start all over every spring, 93.f. today , no skeeters, a few bumblebees , honey bee"s , the garden is thriving, we are more prepared than most . big broughaha brewing between county ,state authorities, and the feds. ,"d.h.s. , border patrol , fusion center stuff, check out our org. lincoln county watch . org. Peace
2	1	Javascript is actually an advanced object-oriented language that has a great deal of power. With libraries like YUI, Dojo or GWT, a developer can build rich applications that run in your browser. The goal is not to have flashier web pages, but to start developing applications in Javascript. For that reason, we can use all the speed we can get.
3	2	YouTube fans want more Video footage of Jr Girl Slay!!!! Nuff Props!!
2	2	not only "green fuels"we need more thermal de polymerization plants to turn trash into bio diesel fuel.trash is plentiful.more solar research for home use,battery cars for around town use and the only reason to actually have a need for fuel is for long distance trips.
1	1	is this film inspired in part by Satyajit Ray's Mahanagar?
4	1	hahaha it was really funny and good!!!!!! :D
2	2	It would take a while... you have more at your disposal than just the dots, and you could gear more for damage than I was... but yeah... it might take a while.
1	1	it feels like the rythmn of the headache (the mantra)
2	1	Justin Gaberial was the first to beat a Pro
1	5	i dis like you alot!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
2	4	Rottweilers and Pit Bulls excel at tearing limbs. This is when they are in their glory. This dog (being stupid, like any dog) on an instinctive level feels he is tearing limbs; hence, he is happy.
3	2	not the best "how to" video but I think it was funny and cute so u get five stars from me. :)
2	1	I have some good information on how to get abs on my blog check it out
1	4	@Blackwingggys you dont even know your own trade gwad you suck
5	1	This song is for someone special in my life. I love you JP. Thank you for loving me, for making me feel like i am the most beautiful woman in the world. Remember, it all started at moonlight beach:-)
2	2	It's funny how many people fall over on these things. They accelerate so fast compared to everything else!
2	2	Hey, I can get to the the part in Folder Options where you click Show hidden files and folders, folders, and drives. But, once I click apply and go to my iPod, all the files I can find are picture files. What do you think I'm doing wrong?
2	3	Count me as someone who can't bear to listen to the released version, because it just sounds wrong, having heard Jon Brion's orchestration giving the song a grand scale that's reminiscent of Van Dyke Parks' work on the first Rufus Wainwright album. I wish she'd do it live with a string section, just as a one-off.
1	2	not so good
3	1	Nice!
3	1	these guys are really great , a very clever song
3	1	Congratulations guys on your 1 year anniversary!Anyone one that enjoys Indian cuisine has to experience the culinary delights that await them at Zeera By The Bay.What the mayor said is absolutely true, they make you feel like family, oh and try the fish!
2	1	thx
1	1	ahhhhh everyones copin that aaron spears ride to hi hat lick
3	1	I like this film already(: thanks!
2	4	If you were raised without the ability to question and challenge intelligently what you see on TV, then this video will feel like home. The most dangerous and highly addictive drug on this planet is right there in our sitting rooms. We tune in, open a can of stella and phase out.. The Orwellian nightmare is real and the media play a major role. like this video it uses sentimental music, platitudes and solgans to whip up emotions.. and it works. Truth is out there if you take the time to look.
3	2	deepa's not bad, but i wish shreya had come :(his expressions are really cute in this...haha
4	1	I love you
2	1	The majority of people are going to need and go out and practice how to orienteer from one point to another and practice getting to places tehy cannot see using a compass.
4	1	HAHAHAHAHA.omfg.that was amazing.nice job, sukka. :D
3	1	gracias =DD
2	2	I know he didn't say that GP2 cars are slower, I'm saying that in my opinion I think the GP2 cars are more like F1 cars then the F3 cars as I've seen them both styled and perform like F1.
1	1	boa pergunta, vcs ten que fazer alguns videos sobre nos que somos casados com europeos e queremos morai ai
2	2	this is a good video but you need to stop pausing as it can get a bit boring.
1	3	@pobody69 its all about religion. satan is king and ruler of this earth. and while satan is here on earth, he wants to gather his army. and he will do this by influencing people to stray away from god as far as possible. THIS is where the illuminati come
3	1	Is this based off one of her books? This is probably one of the most fascinating things I have heard in awhile and one of the most fascinating things that she has talked about on here. I'd like to read about it more in depth.
1	1	PushaT raps like GFK and Malice like Rae
2	1	This song combines several goodness together. Better than some other peoples videos.
4	1	Hey - Best HA tribute ever!
1	1	where is your web site located Mike?
2	2	Hey Nutnfancy, just had a quick question. The difference between the R2 and the R5 I know is the looms. What makes the difference? Is it just the bulb housing? If so, every flashlight comes out with new ones so for people that own the R2 vs the R5 is it stupid to go out and buy an R5 if the only thing that makes a difference is the head?
1	1	r u from israel?
2	2	What about a situation where in 5 minutse a superintelligent AI helps your consciousness - using the existing atoms in the brain - to convert the matter to a more synthetic substrate, all the while you remain conscious of the situation occurring, and the same pattern exists, just shifted in terms of substrate pattern only. It seems to me Massimo doesn't want to accept identity can be a digital entity (therefore copyable) as much as any computer program is a digital entity.
3	3	respect the vest, don't make take out my hose fucking genius Mazuka!
3	3	i luv when she kills the police and also tries to kill srk. she loooks pretty here
1	3	You must be a male-hating feminist, or a self-hating man.
2	2	@floodedjunior there's THREE seasons? i thought there as 2?
2	2	BEST PART: Minnie Decks the Cop XD
1	2	what if Kratos and Chuck Norris had a baby? D: bye bye existence :(
1	4	Mauldin is an idiot. If he knew his head from his a** he would have written a b ook BEFORE the collapse and predicted it instead of writing some stupid boo that wont tell you jack. Maudlin is a snake oil sellsman like many others in the media.
3	1	Good!
3	1	But after all: A Krupnik is a Krupnik! Is it a Krupnik.... (1:58)I have no clue what Morticia means, but it's hilarious how she says it =)
1	1	whats the website??
3	1	wonderful! if you love sets of earrings and bracelets check out the donnaliza collection - it's affordable and looks real! Just search donnaliza on google and youll find it.
2	1	when will there be a sequel? are there any other films by this director?
4	1	Thank You!!! That is so nice of you. Good luck and keep feeding those kids (and you too) excellent foods! It might make the teen years a little easier....teehee.
1	1	was that Melissa Joan Heart Singing one way or another in the clip where Matt gets in trouble in class?
2	3	She lost 70 pounds and then got murdered? That sux.
3	1	the shoes are to die for!
1	5	@brianbmf Are you fucking stupid delivering a fucking baby is a dangerous thing.Thats why it takes a person 8 years to be trained to deliver a baby. You really don't know what the fuck you are talking about. Please don't procreate kill yourself because yo
3	1	teehee bunnies :D
1	4	@WarHammerHD gaayy boy
1	2	emulating kartel's flow, so obvious
3	1	you two remind me of my gf and i...lol
2	1	i baught the lone gunmen complete series on dvd i got it on amazon
2	1	nice
4	1	Really excellent - it is beautifully put together in a matter of fact, demonstration of the simple steps towards creating a simple sculpture. You have a marvellous talent Ricardo - you deserve even greater success.
2	2	specs makes it degrade faster so thats y its not a bad idea to use it straight no whip neccesary
3	1	hey lee welcome "back" great to see the dynamic duo back together hope u are better...
5	1	WOW! Maravilloso!
4	2	What is it with you snogging alpaco's & licking goats, lol
3	2	@ETTVOFFICIAL Whatever the Democrats problems, the fact of the matter is their are still good Democrats & it's time for the public to educate themselves AWAY from the Obama hate ads (who do you think pays the millions for those ads?) on TV & youtube and l
1	1	Would that be the house with the smoking gun barrel sticking out of the window?
2	1	Merry Christmas
1	2	this song reminds me of my cuzin :(
1	1	Didn't Burt Ward due a soft core porn for Penthouse some years ago?
4	2	Wait! Haji knows how to sing and dance!? o__O
4	1	Bravo!!!
2	1	Update one the afore mentioned goodies?
1	3	@EdS2yd 
3	2	@JetSetJONES don't question wcw; it was the greatest wrestling promotion of all time
5	1	Best feel good live band on the planet!! Ive seen em all, but these leave me with cheesy grin fever.. See em!
1	1	6th
5	1	awesome!!!
4	1	Very nice product!! You probably have a movie theater at your desk lol and great review!! Keep it up
1	3	The economy was doing quite well when G.W. Bush took over and the economy tanked just as he was leaving office, but it happened because of "liberals over regulation of the markets"???
2	2	Yeah, true. But I can't find any recent videos of Kaku.
1	1	intro to rocks & minerals
1	2	@MsEllz21 stale
2	1	lol.
3	2	@rescueranger01 I do too, I wish people realized it.. Thank you so much.. <33
1	1	??Lol??[:
2	3	@fishbowlinventory Fishbowl is much more effective then WHSE. WHSE Sucks!
1	4	fucker
4	1	brilliant!
3	1	oh yall are sexy
2	2	@namanp can definately see the resemblance
2	2	yeah its so easy because pushing n changes the song
1	1	portable GPS, headrest dvd player, alarms, gps, video,audio,leather interiors, upholstery and more!!!! 
2	2	The annotation saying "Sarcasm :\" in relation to the first annotation actually comes up whilst you are saying something sarcastic in the video...
1	2	18 people missed the like button.....
2	3	You are absolutely right! WTF????
5	1	I came to see you guys last year and i was so overwhelmed with the beauty of the sound you created! Your music is inspiring whether it be heard on the southbank on a sunny saturday or in a concert hall. Good Luck guys xxxx
2	2	@Dayfoxx7000 
1	1	Is the Household model in use anywhere in New Hampshire?
3	1	hot damn
1	2	What?
3	1	I agree. This is my fav episode of Nuke's. 
3	1	I think we all need to join together and crank up the volume at the same time while that song is being played to spread the word to the world to be quiet.Great clip... very clever!
3	1	very patient and clear explanation with just the right amount of hand-waving :)
4	1	i wanna go on a date with ryuu too hahahahah he so cute
3	1	@cathyrawrbear It totally does!
4	1	amazing youve really made that your own love it! x
4	1	Man, that was awesome!
2	2	safe dave!
3	1	Ahhh yes - The Vobes Show - Very entertaining.
2	2	How can I get a hold of your team. We need to speak.
3	1	The mariachis would serenade,And they would not shut up till they were paid [....]In that moment of truth I suddenly knewThat someone had stolen my wallet.very funny!! :)
3	2	OokamiShiranui1 - 
2	2	I wonder if PD and Peri were shot dead, in the Whoniverse, would The Doctor still have regenerated into CB? Or are Time Lord fors coincdnetal on what they look like? I heard some Time Lords can choose their form. The Rani & Romana could. And it cant just be a female trait, because the 2 2nd doc was given the oppurtunity to choose his new form. Speaking of Romanas regen, why did Romana regenerate?
3	1	I grew up in Boulmer and know Main and John really well. Remember watching this on TV and it still brings back great memories of being a kid and going down to greet the fishermen as they came home.
3	1	thanks for the support!
1	5	i hate the X factor, the people who go on it have no talent or orininality, they don't right their own songs, and the only reason that one of them wins is because they have some sob story to try and win the voters over. i bet that he will be working in B&Q by about 2013. simon cowell is not a music fan as all of the people he has helped to create have no talent and last for about a week and a half. simon cowell is killing music and creativity and turning us into zombies by force feeding us shit.
4	1	love your description!
2	1	@RaiceaAndrei11 They are doing what we would call Kendo, based on kenjutsu. It is called "way of the sword" and its used to practice swordsmanship and form. They however are most likely using "kenjutsu" as this films era predates kendos creation
3	1	Best pizzas haha
2	3	are those people seriously going to threat mutants like that?!? i mean, they should know that the mutants can kick their ass and kill them in 30 seconds, but their too nice to do that!!!
2	1	I watched this while playing Aasim god wit the flow at the same timethat shit went hard
4	1	Lol, FIRE IS HOT.
5	1	Great video I love this song I heard it on OTH in an LP scene <3
4	1	Rickie, you are so inspiring! This video never fails to help me find one more ounce of energy and joy after a long day of work.
4	1	Thank you Herve, your work has made my day! Bravo!
3	1	good job on the editing :D, also looks like a fun server i might check it out when im not busy adding new models to mine (just finished up spirit shields :D)
